(26) Ada Peterson (6) was born 13 Jan. 1906
in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. Her brother Byron
remembers her as very athletic as a girl and how
she could ride horses bareback as good as most
boys. He remembers she was the catcher on the
school baseball team. She was a sister after his
own heart and a good substitute for a brother, of
which he had none. They were great pals!

Ada writes of herself:-- 'I attended grade
school, high school and Seminary in Gunnison, I
graduated from high school in 1926, having failed
to graduate with my own class of '25 due to mother's
illness. During these years I taught in Primary
and was Sunday School organist in Gunnison Ward
with Clyde C, Edmunds as chorister. I sang in the
‘Gunnison Ward choir under E, L. Swalberg. I sang
duets with Emily Knighton at church functions.

When Gunnison Ward was divided I served as Sunday
School Secretary in the new Hamilton Ward for some
years, I belonged to a double mixed quartet under
Charles E, Ferrie and we were in great demand for
church and civic affairs. In High School I belonged
to the Glee Club, sang in the opera and sang the
lead in a double mixed quartet in competition with
other schocils. We always had a high rating. Our
music teacher was our beloved ElRay Christiansen,
now assistant to the Twelve Apostles,

"After I graduated from High School I worked
for the Gunnison Telluride Power Co, as steno-
bookkeeper and stock clerk, It was here I met
Linden H. Johnson who was manager, We were
married 29 June 1928 in the Manti Temple, I
<span id="page-??"></span>
791 Ada Peterson

became stepmother to his two children, Francis
Dale and Helen Ramona, ages 8 and 5. (Linden
Hyrum Johnson was born 15 Sep. 1895 in Hunting-
ton, Emery, Utah to Swen Hyrum and Matilda
Wilhamina Nelson Johnson),

‘We moved to Delta, Utah, May of 1930
where Lin established the Delta branch of the
Telluride Power Co, Here I worked in a greater
capacity, training new girls and continuing as
steno, etc, We lived in Delta twenty-five years
and during these years I worked and raised my
family. Lin's and my two children, Ada Bonita
and Larry Lynn, were both bornin Delta. Dale
and Ramona both attended BYU until World War II
came and they volunteered - Dale in the Naval Air
and Mona as a WAVE,

"When Lin advanced to Supt. of the Delta
Division of Telluride Power Co,, I assumed more
responsibility as hostess, working on the enter-
tainment committees, Also Iwas active in church
and civic affairs. I attended the Deita 2nd Ward
where I was Sunday School Secretary, taught in
Sunday School, Primary, MIA, and was a Relief
Society visiting teacher, I sang with the ‘Singing
Mothers' under Ladd Cropper and belonged to the
Ward choir. I sang as a soloist at funerals,
Aside from church activities I was secretary for
the American Legion Auxilliary for ten years, for
which I was awarded a silver necklace with the
American Legion emblem on it,

"Lin and I belonged to the Fidelity Club, a
social organization in which we made many lifelong
friends. It was composed of a distinguished group
of doctors, lawyers, our Stake president, Seminary
teacher, principal of Delta High School, Delta's
Mayor and fine people from ali walks of life, six-
teen couples of fun-loving people, each with a pur-
pose in life. I entertained many times in our home
where I learned to be a hostess, At first I didn't
feel capable of this because I was ten years younger
than most and lacked the maturity and experience.
My excuse up until we built our new home was
always that our place wasn't large enough. How-
ever, when lovely Romania Bird said, 'Ada dear,
where there is heart room there is house room', I
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ada Peterson 792

needed no more assurance - our new home became

a center of festivities, I could seat thirty-six people
at card tables and we had many lovely parties.
Bonita celebrated her fourteenth birthday there
before leaving for California to study dance at
Hollywood Professional School ('53-'56) which one
hundred of her classmates attended. In 1948 the
Fidelity Club celebrated its 25th anniversary in

our home with fifty guests in attendance. There
were many happy times during our stay in Delta.

"In October of 1955 Ileft Delta for California
to take on a new role as a guest home operator. I
called my place 'Ada's Guest Home, a home away
from home', One year later Lin and Larry followed,
after having sold our beautiful home and furnishings
in Delta. The home at 440 South Oxford in Los
Angeles was our home for seven years, It was a
two-story mansion. An apartment sized kitchen,
dining room, bedroom and bath were our personal
quarters adjacent to the main home of a kitchen
and pantry, beautiful dining area, living room, and
a winding oak staircase leading to five king-size
bedrooms for our guests, along with two bedrooms
and a maid's room downstairs, There was a sep-
arate building of room and bath with picturesque
windows, which became Bonita's music studio.

"It was while living here that I received my
license for six ambulatory guests and with the
help of my maid Dessie, a colored woman from
the south, achieved an A-1 rating my first year,
which I have continued to receive, I have always
set a beautiful table for three meals a day with
good food. I have cared for both men and women,
although most of my guests have been women, At
440 So. Oxford I cared for motion picture people
until they built the motion picture country home,
Each one had a story to tell. When they came to
my home they stopped using tobacco and drinking
became a thing of the past for them. Those were
very happy and interesting days for all of us. The
Lord was good to me,

‘When we sold that home to a builder we
moved across the street to 431 So, Oxford, where
we are now. We watched them tear down a home
we loved, along with a redwood tree for which Mary
<span id="page-??"></span>
793 Ada Peterson

Pickford at one time had offered $150. 00 but had
been refused by the previous owner. At 431 Oxford
I still have my guests and a cook and housekeeper.
At present my youngest guest is 75 and my eldest
93. My cook has been with me seven years, She
is from Tennessee and her name is Thelma Joyce.
She is a real dear. Bonita too has worked with
me these last years, and because her disposition
is much like mine, the guests have all loved her
as well, Her singing and playing of the piano have
been appreciated by them also, Her health is now
the best she has ever known, since an early back
injury caused her years of pain and illness,

"When our guests demanded more personal
care we bought or rented three different homes,
one in North Hollywood, where Bonita and Larry
enjoyed the swimming pool, and two in Encino,
Calif., about twenty minutes drive from our. place
in Los Angeles, The family home at present is at
409 So. Oxford Ave., where Bonita, who is now |
married and has a baby daughter, lives along with
Lin and me. Our son Larry and family live in
Orem, Utah, where he serves as assistant cashier
at Orem State Bank, after having graduated from
Hollywood High School with high honors.and also
from Seminary there and later attending BYU in
Provo, where he met his lovely wife. :

"Lin operated a Standard service station
here for ten years, for which he was awarded a
bronze plaque. He retired in Aug. 1968 and has
recently undergone two separate operations at the
Veterans' Hospital; Wilshire and Sawtelle blvd.,
one for.a hernia and one for hemorrhoids; He was
released Mar. 15 and is now feeling fine and grate-
ful to have this over with. The Elders. were there
and administered each time. He has been my
painter, plumber and all-around handy man over
these last years, What would I have done. without
him? : ms

'We are members of Wilshire Ward, where
Lin is a High Priest and very active, Even though
I can't attend regularly, I'm there in spirit and
keep up my tithes and offerings, asthe Lord has
blessed me financially. When I needed guests he
has provided, Ihave not had a sick day in the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ada Peterson 794

thirteen years of my business. For this Iam

_ grateful and humble. I always have a prayer in
my heart for strength to meet my obligations, and
they are many when you care for ten old people on
an average every day three hundred and sixty-five
days a year, Oh my, I could write a book on the
beautiful people I've served through these years,

‘In closing I'd like to copy the words ona
thank you note from the daughter of an LDS lady
Ionce cared for:.- 'Dear Sister Johnson, It has
been an inspiring experience to know you and I
appreciate all you have done for mother, It is
thrilling to know that the spirit you carry is the
one we shall all share in the celestial kingdom and
our associations will continue there. It was God's
blessing that we were led to you and may we enjoy
always the sweet spirit that is expressed in your
home. Sincerely, Cecilia Jensen,"

Descendants of Ada Peterson and Linden
Hyrum Johnson: --

(A) Ada Bonita Johnson born 16 Sep. 1938, Delta,
Utah; md. 12 May 1968 in Las Vegas, Nevada,
Dale Judkins Smith 'Montgomery", a widower
(b. 27 Nov. 1919, West Point, Utah to Charles
Ernest Smith and Verna Judkins (now Mrs,
Montgomery) Child:

I, Victoria Lynne Montgomery b. 3 Jan. 1969,
Los Angeles, Calif,

(B) Larry Lynn Johnson born 8 Oct, 1941 in Delta,
Utah; md, 26 Oct, 1961 in Orem, Utah, Pris-
cilla Jacob (b. 16 Aug. 1941 in Jamaica, Queens,
New York to Edward and Thelma Matilda Gus-
taveson Jacob). Children:

I, Michael Lynn Johnson b, 24 May 1962,
Van Nuys, Calif.

II. Daniel Troy Johnson b, 8 Sep. 1964,
Provo, Utah

Ill. Jennifer Kristina Johnson b, 1 Aug. 1967,
Provo, Utah
