(23) Albert Sherman Christensen (4) was
born 9 June 1905 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah in the
home on 155 North 2nd West. The family was in
quarantine for measles at the time. Mary Gledhill
of Gunnison had been hired to help in the home and
was on hand, Aunt Retta Snow (later Neff) was
there to see that "Little Jennie", her beloved sister,
was given every advantage in the difficult process
of childbirth and her excited commands were
obeyed, if not by the attending physician at least |
by everyone else around, as Mary herself later
testified,

Sherman wrote his own history for this book
and titled it, 'Momentary Images On the Screen
After the Projector is Turned Off", We quote:--
"What we felt and observed as children may not
have been any closer to reality than our recollec-
tion of those times. Our original childhood
impressions could be less accurate than the distant
recollections of them, since maturity may have
brought a degree of understanding to original
unsophisticated impressions. But the trouble
with memory is that we forget - and that we
remember the conditioning or qualification of
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 770

intervening years rather than the things that actually
were, or what we actually were. Thus what we
remember from our early days is often impression-
istic rather than sharply detailed.

"My earliest impression is the aura of
impending doom created by Halley's Comet. As I
now recall, we were living in our old home just.
north of Depot Street, I remember being held up
to an upstairs window but whether I actually saw
the comet I don't really know, The talk of the
world coming to an end was even more impressive
than the comet. There was no immediate panic in
my mind; the threat was not sharply personalized,
but there was a pervasive and ominous awe and
regret that it might have to happen, But it didn't
then - and life went on, . :

"J remember staying at the old Henry rock
house south of our new home just before the new
home was completed. Aunt Vena was staying with
us, Perhaps Father was ona court assignment.

I recall being on the porch at Grandfather Snow's
home, talking through the screen to Mother and
Elaine, who were quarantined there with scarlet
fever. Disease meant lonesomeness then, not fear,
suffering or death as it comes to mean when we
grow older. | Pp

"Most of my recollections are of subsequent
events, I shall not repeat here recollections and
factual data included in my book 'The Hard Rich
-Soil' (Pub. 1966) but shall attempt to mention some
of my impressions and memories of circumstances
and persons not covered there,

"My memories of our new house are kaleido-
scopic, I recall the fireplace - or 'grate' as we
called it - the blue-red flame from the pinion pine
wood and the warmth and security that it meant to
us as we sprawled on the floor, reading or just
dreaming. A turn of mind brings memories of
that fine old oak library table bearing on its lower
shelf a massive leather-bound book containing the
portraits of all the Presidents of the United States.
The living room does not seem complete in my
mind's eye without Grandpa Snow sitting in a chair
at the side of the fireplace, a hand-rolled cigarette
<span id="page-??"></span>
771 Albert Sherman

curling pleasant smoke as he held it and golden bits
of Bull Durham tobacco flecked across his vest,

He was always very pleasant company for us child-
ren and we felt relaxed and right at home with him.
There seemed to be an aura of romance about him.
We had visions of his Indian fighting days, and we
knew even then that he was a hunter of deer, We
were not quite so relaxed around Grandfather Chris-
tensen, While we loved him, he was more nervous
probably and sought more to maintain a semblance
of order. Why, we could not understand then, but
I must say that age brings insight. Both grand-
fathers, however, were loving and loved. Grand-
mother Christensen made us feel especially com-
fortable and easy, and between her and the two
grandfathers, both our relaxation and good order.
were assured,

Again, at the home on Depot Street, I -
remember the big north porch, especially during
rainstorms, where we would sit with Mother and
Dad and watch the lightning streak through the sky,
‘counting at least three between the flash and the
thunder to make sure that we had not been fatally
stricken; and watching the collar buttons of rain on
the pavement; Elaine in the sunroom--why I recall
this I don't remember; Gin (Virginia) going out on
a date; sleeping on the box seat until reminded by
Father's threat that if I didn't go upstairs to bed |
he would leave the sword (given to me by Sheriff
Johnson of Price) by my side and let me guard the
house all night; hauling our Christmas tree by
sleigh from the canyon - a family expedition of .
high spirits and great merriment - and then later
the Christmas tree in the hall all bright and fra-
grant with wax candles; the swing out back; climb-
ing the old walnut tree; a tree-house in the willow
tree; Mother presiding over the dinner table in the
big dining room; walking along the row of young
pines in the snowflakes with Elaine as we came
home from a Christmas shopping trip; Mother
reading to us from 'The Last of the Mohicans' on
the front lawn; Dil, Nat, Phil, Hale, Gin, Elaine,
Dad, Aunt Myrtle -- a flood of fragmentary
impressions which I can hardly put my mind on,
let alone my finger, engulfs me and I leave them
in their totality of love and security and excitement
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 772
and home and comfort and dreams,

"Uncle Joe Snow, when I first remember him,
was a man of polish and dreams. He visited fre-
quently at our home on Depot Street and stayed with
us a time or two it seems, I remember him saying,
'If you have a dollar and are hungry, spend it fora
haircut, a shine and a press and you'll be ahead. '
Uncle Ed Snow was also well liked among the smaller
fry. He was somewhat brief, bluff and blunt but yet
full of fun, Uncle Charles and Aunt Emma Peterson
at Gunnison made almost a second home for me at
times. While there cousin Byron and I would hunt
rabbits, hike in the low hills on and adjoining their
farm, and have a wonderful time generally. All of
our Aunts and Uncles on both sides of the family
were well liked and wonderful to us.

"Christensen family reunions were very
special, The earliest I remember was at Uncle
Arthur's in Gunnison. Aunt Millie was especially
good to us then and when she ran the eating-house
in Manti - in fact at all times - why limit it? I
remember driving with Father to Salina hospital to
visit Uncle Arthur when he was ill. Later at the
LDS Hospital in Salt Lake City I, among others,
gave blood, In those days the transfusions were
direct from doner to patient, His death and funeral
were a great sadness - greater because ofa sharp
renewal of the memory of Mother's death, as he
was buried not far from her grave. I shall never
forget walking up Depot Street to Aunt Lou (Lucille)
Black's with Hale and perhaps Phil, sensing that
something was very, very wrong, and of Aunt Lou
putting her arms around us and saying, 'You must
be very brave! before she told us that Mother had
died, Even then I couldn't realize the fact although
a hopeless feeling engulfed me.

"Uncle Charles Riddle was something special
since he worked in or owned, or both, a hardware
store, handling all sorts of interesting and exciting
items -- guns, baseballs and a dozen other things
of special interest to boys. Aunt Claytie, Mother's
oldest sister, was wonderful to us and her children
were very close to us, as were most of our cousins,

'What shall I say about Aunt Retta Neff?
After Mother died I lived with her and Uncle Andrew
<span id="page-??"></span>
773 Albert Sherman

in Heber City for a winter, Before that she was a
charming young woman with lots of pep and fun -
this she continued to be to me up to the time of
her death at eighty-four. While Mother, Father,
Elaine and Virginia were attending the World Fair
at San Francisco, Calif., Hale, Phil and I stayed
with Aunt Retta and Uncle Andrew in Heber City,
All her life since that time I thought, and still
think, she was one of the most interesting and
lovable persons I have ever known - cantankerous -
spunky - enthusiastic - lovable, My earliest
recollection of her is of her pounding us children
on the backs with love taps in her obvious joy to
see us, She was a dear! I was grateful after
many years that my wife, Lois, came to know

her too and that they had an especially close asso-
ciation during Aunt Retta's later years, I felt
that the many kindnesses Lois extended to her and
the joy each seemed to feel in the other's company
tended to reciprocate in part for the many things
that she did for me when I was young.

"I remember when Cousin Harold Christen-
sen was courting. Sometimes he would stay with
us, sleeping in my room. Uncle Joseph, his
father, is remembered from my early days at our
Gunnison ranch. Almost always we would stop at
his place and visit before proceeding on across
the Rocky Point to the ranch. Uncle Andrew
Christensen, prior to 1919-1920, was a more or
less mysterious and exotic figure - we rarely saw
him but we would hear that he would be in Europe,
then California, then some place else. Inthe year
1919/20 he and Father became jointly interested
in the Star Ranch, where I worked for two sum-
mers. For the first summer Uncle Andrew
managed the ranch and I lived with him and Aunt
Sarah, Sheldon, Wendell and I worked hard, got
up early, played hard, Iwas treated.-as.a member
of the family. They were fine people. Injun, my
first horse, which Father gave to me and Hale
when we were hardly old enough to climb up on
his back, had long since faded away, Uncle Andrew
let each of us three ‘working boys! choose a horse
from a herd of young ones that probably had never
been ina corral. I chose a fine black mare which
I called Pigeon, I broke her myself (she once
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 774

threw and almost broke me in the process,) I rode
her home to Manti at the close of the farming sea-
son, She was a dream, or so it seemed then, and
so she still seems to me now.

"Our association with Father in those early
days, both in and away from home, was very satis-
fying. He was too busy, I suppose, to take us
hunting or fishing much but he was constantly
having us accompany him to the sheep herd, the
ranches and elsewhere where his business called
him, At first we would wait in the car at the
Gunnison ranch while he conferred with his farmer
or inspected the crops or irrigated. As we grew
older we were taught to lend a hand - driving or
herding sheep, irrigating, weeding or thinning
beets, or helping with the lambing. Always there
was the solid, unfailing figure of Father leading
out. He was constantly appreciative - and thought-
ful in bringing us water or fig newtons or crackers
and cheese or candy, to ease the pain of work,
Responsibility was always available for us to
assume, with his encouragement but never with
his insistence.

"And we grew up in a world of security,
peace and love, Aunt Myrtle carrying on in this
spirit after Mother died. We leaned perhaps too
much upon the staunch figure of our Father but
perhaps it wasn't too much, for after trial and
error we learned to be leaned on too, We always
felt great pride in both the Christensen and Snow
families and much satisfaction in their association,
Love and pride in family have been born and bred
into us. Hence, in response to a request for a
sketch of my life for this Christensen book, Iam
happy to note these fragmentary family recollections
and my greatest accomplishments, marrying Lois
Bowen (b. 10 Aug. 1905 in Spanish Fork, Utah to
William Jones and Gudrun Dena Bjarnason Bowen)
and our three outstanding children, Dr. A. Kent
(teaching in the medical school in Stanford) Karen,
and Krege (who with a CPA and a Master's Degree
in Business Administration is now studying law),
and their lovely families.

"Aside from family, my interests are in the
law, in mountains, books, music, poetry, flowers,
<span id="page-??"></span>
775 Albert Sherman

stars, clouds - and the other wonders of nature
and life - all having roots as interests in my early
recollections, When I feel confused or uncertain
and have a special need for strength and balance,

I find nothing more helpful than to return to the
scene of these early influences--Sanpete County--
and again get my fingers and my heart into 'The
Hard Rich Soil!"

From a recent book, ''The Sons of Brigham'!
by Dr. T, Earl Pardoe (pub 1969) we have received
permission to copy the following:-- ''At Brigham
Young University Sherman was a varsity debator
and took part in major drama each year of attendance.
He had leading parts in such shows as 'State of the
Union', 'Bill of Divorcement', 'The Music Master’,
'The Winslow Boy', 'Lady Windermere's Fan!, 'The
Man Who Came to Dinner', 'Peter Ibertsen' and
‘Julius Caesar', Few will ever forget the quarrel
scene between Brutus (Sherman) and Casius (Dr.
Parley A, Christensen), It smacked of highest
professional power, This appreciation of the.
dramatic carried over to the court room and
disturbed several of Sherman's legal antagonists
who lacked that ability, Also at Brigham Young
University Sherman was praised for his debating
power and was elected to student body offices. ...,
An ardent Republican, he early became interested
in politics and led discussion groups all through
high school and college, He desired to emulate
his able father,

"When A, Sherman was nominated Utah's
second federal district judge, considerable data
was accumulated to be sent to President Dwight
D, Eisenhower to submit to the Senate. A lifetime
appointment requiring Senate confirmation was a
prize sought by more than fifty prominent attorneys
over the nation. Sherman was recommended by
Utah's senior Senator, Arthur V, Watkins... .
Senator Watkins, in part, stated, 'Because of the
usually high calibre of candidates, selection was
extremely difficult. Efforts were made to select
a nominee of the highest qualifications. In addition
to sound legal training the nominee was expected
to have wide experience as atrial lawyer, because
the federal court is atrial court, Furthermore,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 776

he was expected to be a man of integrity, possessed
of judicial temperament and of an age to permit good
service on the bench for years to come. . . A. Sher-
man Christensen met all those requirements, I have
known him and his family for many years and have
watched his performance as an outstanding lawyer
and citizen. In all circumstances he has stamped
himself as a man of competence and ability, with

an excellent reputation for honesty and integrity.

He will make a fine reputation for himself and Utah
as a member of the federal judiciary system,' He
has abundantly proved worthy of this appointment,"

From a recent biography of Sherman we glean
this information:-- ''Working as Assistant Business
Specialist in the Bureau of Foreign and Domestic
Commerce, A. Sherman Christensen attended night
school at National University, Washington D. C.,
where he obtained his LLB degree in 1931 anda
delayed degree of Juris Doctor from George
Washington University as of the same year.
Admitted to the District of Columbia and Utah
bars, he practiced law in Provo beginning in 1933,
specializing in trial work, He was President of
the Junior Bar conference 1937-38 and served as
a member of the Utah Board of Bar Examiners in
1939-1942. He also was the unsuccessful Republi-
can candidate for Congress in 1940. In 1942 he
enlisted in the Navy and after officer indoctrination
served as Officer-in- Charge of the Naval Auxiliary
Air Station for two years and thereafter, until the
war ended, as Staff Operations Officer, Naval Air
Bases, Twelfth Naval District.

"Resuming the practice of law in Provo after
the war, he was elected a member of the Utah State
Bar Commission in 1949, and to the office of Presi-
dent of the Utah State Bar in 1951. He was later a
member on the Committee on Rules of Civil Pro-
cedure which made recommendations to the Supreme
Court of Utah resulting in the adoption of rules for
the State patterned after the Federal Rules of
Procedure,

"In 1954 he was appointed United States
District Judge for the District of Utah and has
served in that position ever since. His primary
responsibilities have been within this District but
<span id="page-??"></span>
777 Albert Sherman

he has been invited to sit frequently on the United
States Court of Appeals of the Tenth Circuit and as
a visiting trial judge throughout the country,
including New York, Washington D, C., Los
Angeles, Boston, and Kansas City. He was a
member of the five-judge team initially assigned
by Chief Justice Earl Warren to devise and carry
out special procedures in the Eastern District of
New York, which then had the heaviest backlog of
cases inthe country. The project, which came to
be known as 'The Brooklyn Experiment’ was suc-
cessful in updating that district, and other similar
programs since have been carried out elsewhere.

"For ten years Judge Christensen served as
a member of the six-judge committee on revisions
of the laws of the Judicial Conference of the United
States, charged with making recommendations con-
cerning bills proposed in Congress affecting the
jurisdiction and venue of United States courts.
When the Committee this year (1969) was consoli-
dated with the Committee on Court Administration,
and the membership of all committees reconsti-

tuted, Chief Justice Warren appointed Judge

- Christensen as a member of the new Committee
on Court Administration for a term of six years.

"He has written extensively concerning court
administration and federal jurisdiction, including
four articles for the American Bar Association
Journal (two in collaboration with former Chief .»
Judge Orie L. Phillips) and a number of other
articles that have been published in Federal Rules
Decisions and separately distributed by West
Publishing Company. Aside from this he has had
published, under an assumed name, a book of
poems: 'Thoughtobiography' (Vantage Press Inc. -
1967) and edited and published his father's autobio-
graphy and letters, which he titled 'The Hard Rich
Soil' (J. Grant Stevenson-1966),

"Judge Christensen has been a leading pro-
ponent of preliminary jury instructions, a system
designed to acquaint jurors at the beginning of a
case with the significant rules of law they are to
apply rather than to reserve this information
wholly for the end, as has been the custom, when
the jury's views concerning the evidence may be
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 778

erroneously fixed for lack of such information dur-
ing the trial. Copies of his preliminary instructions
in an anti-trust suit last year were circulated among
other trial judges by the Tenth Circuit Committee
on Procedure. He lectured on jury instructions as
a member of the faculty of the School for New -
Federal Judges, sessions of which were held in
Denver, San Francisco and Washington D. C, last
year (1968), He also has taken time to speak fre-
quently to groups of young people and last month,

in a series of moot court programs designed by
youth counselors, psychiatrists, social workers

and attorneys to promote improved insight con-
cerning parent-youth conflicts, he appeared as
presiding judge in various Stakes under the auspices
of the Mutual Improvement Association,"

Sherman and Lois, who have resided at 1488
Harvard Ave. since moving to Salt Lake City some
fourteen years ago, recently (Mar. 1969) sold their
home there and moved to lovely ''Bonneville
Towers", 777 East South Temple, where they
occupy Apt. #9A. In summers they hide away
when they can in their rustic chalet ''Krishaven"
in beautiful Provo Canyon, Sherman will be eligible
for retirement in June of 1970 but hasn't yet made
up his mind whether or not he will take that step
then,

Descendants of Albert Sherman Christensen
and Lois Bowen:--

(A) Albert Kent Christensen born 3 Dec. 1927,
Washington, D. C. md. 26 Aug. 1952 in
Bethseda, Maryland, Elizabeth Ann (Reynolds)
Sears (b. 1 Aug. 1930 in Salt Lake City to John
Leslie and Elizabeth Wilson Reynolds, now
Sears) Children:

I. Anne Christensen b. 8 Dec, 1955, Boston,
Mass,

II. Kathleen Martha Christensen b, 1 Apr. 1957,
Boston

Ill, Albert David Christensen b, 3 Oct. 1958,
New York City (Bronx)

IV. Jennifer Christensen b. 23 Mar. 1962,
Palo Alto, Calif.

V,. John Sears Christensen b. 5 Mar, 1964,
Palo Alto,
<span id="page-??"></span>
779 Aibert Sherman

(B) Karen Donna Christensen born 17 Nov. 1933,
Provo, Utah; md. (1) 23 Apr. 1954 in Provo,
Roger Jensen Childs; div.; md. (2) 14 Nov.

1959 in Elko, Nevada, Wendell Woodrow Wilson
Coffey (b. 24 Oct. 1925, Mt. Pulaski, Dlinois

to George C. and Maud Williamson Coffey).
Their children, all born in Salt Lake City, Ut. :--
I. John Jeffry Coffey b. 28 Aug. 1960

Il. Peter Wendell Coffey b. 1 Nov. 1961

Ill, Dean Kent Coffey b. 3 Dec. 1963

(C) Krege Bowen Christensen, born 28 Oct. 1940
in Provo, Utah; md. 13 Feb. 1964 in Salt Lake
City (Temple) Judith Lynn Brown (b. 11 Nov,
1942 in Salt Lake City to Keith Chapin and
Geneva Hortense Burdett Brown) Children:--
I, Daniel Krege Christensen b. 4 June 1966,

Murray, Utah
II, Adam Sherman Christensen b. 24 Mar.
1969, Murray, Utah
