(56) Alta Clark (9) was born 2 Feb. 1921 at
the home of her Uncle and Aunt Charles and Emma
Peterson, who lived on a ranch about one mile east
of Gunnison in Sanpete County, Utah. As long as
her Aunt Emma lived Alta was a favorite of hers,

Alta spent about the first two years of her
life with her family, living in the small farmhouse
on her Uncle Albert's ranch some west of Gunnison,
where her father was ranch foreman. Then they
moved to Goshen, Utah, She says, ''I went to
elementary school in Goshen until I was nearing
the end of third grade, 1 May 1930, when we
moved to Santaquin, Utah. Here I finished ele-
mentary school and Junior High and then went by
bus to Payson for two years of High School. I
never went the last year or graduated, for by that
time I had learned the thrill of earning a little
<span id="page-??"></span>
Alta Clark 916

money of my own, Money was so scarce at home
and we had a big family. Up until this time I had
worked around a little doing odd jobs after school
and Saturdays and picked berries on Provo Bench
(Orem) for Parks in summer and in the beans in

the fall - anywhere to make a little cash.

"Then about 1938/39 I went to Salt Lake City
and got jobs doing housework for various families.
I returned home for awhile during 1942 but later
returned to Salt Lake and continued doing the same
kind of work there until about 1947. Then I started
sewing for a living and went to work for the Holly-
wood Corset Company, making lingerie, etc. I
worked for them for nine years, or until about 1956
when they were forced to close up. Then I gota
job sewing for the Osborn Manufacturing Company
in Salt Lake where they make Pendleton shirts,
coats, etc., and other name-brand clothing of all
kinds. Iam still working here at present.

"On 11 June 1955 in Elko, Nevada I married
John Francis Ison (b, 12 Apr. 1921 in Salt Lake —
City to Jerry C. and Eliza Robinson Ison), We
met through friends and he was a roofer by trade,
After many years we separated by mutual consent,
although we are not divorced and still see each other
occasionally. Ihave one son, Terry Thomas, who
has served his turn in the army and is now married
and living in Santaquin, He married a divorcee
with two young children, David and Debbie Rich,
whom he has not yet officially adopted but is raising.

"I love a friendly game of cards. Besides
pinochle, my main hobbies are sewing, hand work
and éspecially bowling. I belong to the Osborn
Bowling team and in 1965 I won two trophies, one
for my individual high game of 253, at which time
they put my picture in a Salt Lake paper, and the
other a team trophy. Ihave lived around in
various rented apartments since moving to Salt
Lake City but now rent one part of a duplex at
482 - 4th Ave., where I am very comfortable."'

Alta's niece Karen says she is a very "fussy"
housekeeper and a beautiful seamstress. We find
her to have many of her mothers' fine character-
istics, so sweet, loving, pleasant, good natured
<span id="page-??"></span>
917 Alta Clark

and easy to get along with; kind and appreciative
of others and all around good hearted. Alta is
also a fine letter writer. She is rather jovial in
disposition although very, very modest - and
especially shy around strangers. She has a great
love for her brothers and sisters and their families
and stays rather close to those who live near her,
She usually spends Christmas at Tresia's and
arrives there not long after Santa has left, early
Christmas mornings, often waking them up and
bringing bundles of good cheer. Her nieces and
nephews love her. She was especially close to
her sister Lorraine whose recent death was a
great blow to her,

Descendants of Alta Clark:- .

(A) Terry Thomas Clark born 10 Aug. 1942 in
Santaquin, Utah; md. 1965 in Las Vegas,
Nevada, Mrs. Florence Perkins Rich (b. 31
May 1940 in Pioche, Nevada to Orris S, and
Ruth Orr Perkins), Children:

I. Kenneth Lee Clark b. 15 Oct, 1965 in
Salt Lake City, Ut. Je

Il. Steven Lance Clark b. 11 Sep. 1967 in
Payson, Ut, : .
