~., (20) Byron Charles Peterson (6) was born
Wed. 27 July 1904 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah.
His grandmother Christensen was in attendance at
the birth. There was a small earthquake in the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 756

area that day and when the house began to shake
she thought his father had run into it with the
wagon. There was some damage done by the
quake. On their place the old well sunk and the
city ditch broke, a neighbor's shed caught fire
and burned and the Richfield Tabernacle in
Sevier County cracked,

Byron was quite badly tongue-tied as a child
and couldn't talk plain. Even after several clippings
off and on, by Dr. Hagen, he still had some trouble,
In fact he says that even today he has trouble with
his W's, though we've never noticed it. He was
also a rather determined child, but whether he got
that from his Danish or his Swedish ancestors we
cannot say. He sometimes took his ill-temper out
on his father's pigs, of which there were usually
over a hundred. He would throw rocks at them or
hit them with sticks to make them squeal. He
remembers that they used to squeal real loud when-
ever grandmother Christensen came on a visit and
she would say, ''those poor pigs are hungry" and
go out and throw them some extra handfuls of
grain. She had a soft spot in her heart for pigs
and they always seemed to know when she was
around and took advantage of it.

Byron was baptized in the Manti Temple a
few weeks after he turned eight, 20 Aug. 1912.
His mother took him there. There was another
boy from Gunnison there with his mother for the
same purpose, and after he was baptized he
broke away from his baptizer and took a good
swim in the font before they captured him and
brought him out for confirmation. This boy's
mother was so embarrassed she hardly ever got
over it. Byron decided that if he ever got another
chance at baptism he would do the same thing - but
he never got another chance.

He was about eight when he started helping
his father on the farm. About his first job was
raking hay. He loved the farm and turned out to
be a farmer and cattle raiser for much of his life,
He says he was somewhat of a runt when he was a
boy but that when he started to grow it seemed the
sky was the limit. He grew to be a tall, big fellow
with a big heart. School to him in his early years
<span id="page-??"></span>
757 Byron Charles

seemed an unnecessary encumbrance, though he
put up with it. In the fifth grade he had whooping
cough real bad and was out part of the year. He
says it took him nine years to get out of the first
eight grades and he was lucky at that. His cousin
Melrose, a year younger, was in his same class
the last few years and was "pretty smart", Byron
attended first year High School and a good part of
Second in the old Gunnison High School building
and then one day in early spring of that second year,
a few weeks before they were to move into the new
high school building, he had an argument with one
of his teachers, an old maid. She insisted that he
make up some back work and he said he wouldn't
do it and quit school then and there - anyway he
was needed by his father for spring planting. He
never went back to school and from that time on
carried a full load on the farm.

Byron remembers attending Sunday School
and Sacrament meetings, and later MIA, but never
Primary. He didn't like Primary. His mother was
very active in the church, as were his two younger
sisters, His father was active also, as far as his
work would permit, and became Bishop of the
Hamilton Ward, Sometime after his mother's
death in 1927 he was approached by the man who
was then his Bishop, in a more or less casual
manner, about serving a mission for the church.
Byron made it known that he was not interested,

He was keeping company with a girl he liked and
contemplating marriage, although she didn't know
it. After a time they broke up, Then 11 Dec,

1929 his father married a widow with three child-
ren who lived in Redmond, This disturbed Byron
a great deal also. He wasn't long after that getting
word to the right parties that he wanted to serve a
mission,

He was called to go to South Africa, one of
the most distant missions of the church, After he
and his father had visited around in Gunni son,
Goshen, Provo and Salt Lake with various relative Ss,
he entered the Mission Home in Salt Lake City 10
Mar. 1930, He was going on twenty-six years of
age. He was set apart for his mission by Richard
R. Lyman and left by train for Chicago 20 Mar, at
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 758

12:35 p.m. The group of outgoing missionaries
stopped over at Chicago and visited points of
interest and also stopped to see Niagara Falls
enroute. Arriving in New York City they spent a
day seeing the sights and sailed next day on the
"American Farmer' ship for England, docking nine
days later, 3 Apr. 1930 at Plymouth, where they
were welcomed by President Lund. They spent six
days viewing the sights of London and surrounding
areas, Then those going to South Africa left
Southampton, England on board the German ship.
"Adolph Werman'! 9 Apr. They arrived in Cape-
town, South Africa 1 May 1930. ;

Byron spent sixteen months laboring in the
Capetown area. On 21 July 1930 in the nearby
town of Woodstock he met an investigator, Johanna
Gregg Fourie, and her husband and children who
were then members of the Dutch Reformed Church,
Several years later Mrs, Fourie and most of her
children joined the LDS church and she credits
.Elder Byron Peterson as having had a great deal
to do with their conversions, The youngest Fourie
child, a daughter Felicia, who was five years old
when Byron met the family, later came to Utah and
married his cousin's son, the oldest child of
Virginia C. and Daniel M. Keeler. Mr. Fourie »
joined the church many years after his wife and
came with her to Utah in 1952 to see Felicia and
her family. Here they were permitted to go to the
Salt Lake Temple for their endowments and sealing,
having Felicia sealed to them also. They visited
Byron and his family in Gunnison and Mrs. Fourie
spoke in their Ward and told Byron's part in con-
verting her family. He was the third LDS Elder
she ever met. (Mrs. Fourie, now eighty, has been
head of the Primary in South Africa since the day
after her baptism, some more than thirty-four
years ago, She was recently honored with a
write-up-and picture in the Church Section of the
Deseret News. )

"Following his time spent in Capetown, By-
ron served another year in East London, South
Africa, his missionary service being twenty-eight
months in all, not counting traveling time. He left
Capetown 9 Sep. 1932; arrived in Southampton,
<span id="page-??"></span>
759 Byron Charles

England 26 Sep. and left there 28 Sep., docked at
New York City 4 Oct. 1932 and got in Salt Lake
City 8 Oct. General Conference was in session
there and he was met by his sister Ada and her
husband Lin, When he returned to Gunnison he
had been away from home a few days more than
thirty-one months, He was then twenty-eight years
and three months old, His mother, of course, was
gone from the home; his father spent most of his
spare time with his second wife at her home in
nearby Redmond. Ada and her husband had moved
to Delta, Utah; the country was in the midst of the
great depression of the 30's and the Peterson
ranch looked pretty well run down because of it,
and he and his sister Imelda were pretty much
alone, After looking over this gloomy situation,
Byron said he sat down and wept half the night.
Similar fits of discouragement strike numbers of
missionaries upon returning home from success-
ful, wonderful missions,

But Byron soon threw himself into the work
on the farm, along with his father. He also became
very active inthe Ward, especially in the MIA.

He loved to dance and never missed an opportunity
to attend a church dance or social. Being an
eligible bachelor he was undoubtedly much sought
after as a partner. He had always liked girls and
felt at home with them, having been raised with
sisters. And though he may not have admitted it,
he was looking around for a wife, This went on
for some three years following his return from
his mission.

In August of 1935 a very special event, long
in preparation and well developed, was to be held
on Temple Hill in Manti. A religious pageant with
choruses and trumpeters was to be presented
directly east of the temple, during which time
flood lights were to be turned on, illuminating
for the first time the outside of the beautiful
temple in all its glory. All the people of Sanpete
Valley and the temple district were invited and
guests were expected from all over the state.
Byron had arranged to take six widows from the
Ward in Gunnison with him in his car to Manti the
evening of the presentation, They were driving
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 760

along main street in Manti when he caught sight of
a Manti girl he knew walking along with another
girl towards the temple. Always friendly, he
slowed down and called to the girls. "I'll be back
to pick you up."

Depositing his load of widows at the temple
gate he drove his car back and picked up the two
girls, being immediately introduced to Mildred
Olsen, a girl from Manti who was working as a
practical nurse in Salt Lake City but who had
returned especially for the pageant. (Her boy
friend was ushering at the west gate and couldn't
escort her to the affair but planned to walk her
home after - though she didn't tell Byron Peterson
that.) Taking his car seat from the car, Byron
invited Mildred to share it with him sitting on the
temple lawn, which she did. They spent a wonder-
ful evening there, Mildred, writing of it later, had
this to say:-- ''What a glorious sight to behold -
the inspiring pageant - the magnificent temple
flooded in light - a throng of thousands of people
seated on lawns, walks and hill. Even old Mother
Nature added her blessing by furnishing a total
eclipse of the moon at a very dramatic moment,
plainly visable to all, which greatly enhanced the
scene of unusual splendor." It would have been a
wonderful night to fall in love and perhaps the two
did, though they may not have known it then - for
Cupid is a sly one,

Byron went back to Gunnison afterwards with
his load of widows and Mildred strolled home with
her boy friend. Returning to Salt Lake she found
it hard to forget the evening and Byron Peterson,

She dropped him a card at Christmastime, men-
tioning how much she had enjoyed that August even-
ing and discreetly jotting down her Salt Lake address
in small letters in one corner, Byron took the bait
right away and began driving up to Salt Lake to see
her. The trouble was, however, that he seldom
made appointments. He was as apt as not to leave
Gunnison after work with one of his Peterson cousins
and a load of pigs to deliver. He seldom found her
home since she would be out on various cases, One
time, learning that a Gold and Green Ball was to be
held in her Salt Lake Ward, he came all dressed up
<span id="page-??"></span>
761 Byron Charles

to take her to it, without any notification, but found
her tied with a patient she could not leave. Another
time when he called in to see her she had been left
to care for three little children, in the absence of
their parents, They attended an afternoon movie,
taking the children with them. They really had
quite a difficult time getting together - but it was
thus they courted.

Byron Charles Peterson and Mildred Eliza-
beth Olsen were married 22 July 1936 in the Manti
Temple, five days before his thirty-second birth-
day. She was twenty-nine and a half (b. 1 Jan.
1907, Ferron, Utah to Andrew Christian and
Hannah Elizabeth Hansen Olsen), Both Mildred's
parents were dead but she owned the family home
in Manti, which she sold, Byron took her home to
live on the farm in Gunnison, There wasn't much
of a celebration but his father suggested that the
family take a little trip over the Twenty-Fourth,
so father Charles, Ada and Lin, Imelda, Byron
and Mildred, went to Ferron Reservoir fishing for
three days - and that is how they spent their honey-
moon,

Byron served as President of the Ward
YMMIA and then was put in as First Counselor to
the Bishop of the Hamilton Ward. He was later
placed on the Stake High Council and was active
on the Genealogical committee. Mildred was as
active in church as she could be with a farm house-
hold to manage and raising her family. She was a
hard worker. They had five children in a little
over eight years, during which time Byron's
father's second wife died of a brain cancer and he
returned to live with them inthe home. Charles
was married again, however, on 14 May 1945 to
another widow and went to live at her home else-
where in Gunnison about two months before
Mildred's fifth baby was born. The farm and
cattle were doing well and furnishing them with
a good living and things looked bright ahead.

Two months after this Byron came down
with a severe sore throat and grumped around the
house for several days, It seemed he had an_
ordinary cold, but though he spent a great deal
of time on the bed he couldn't rest, The morning
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 762

of 15 Sep, 1945 he arose from the bed and made

his way unsteadily towards the kitchen where
Mildred was finishing up the children's breakfast
chores, preparatory to fixing him a good breakfast,
for he had said he was famished. She turned to
look at him as he reached the door - he looked
terrible. Suddenly he seemed to stiffenand
clutched at the doorframe; he could not take another
step. She helped him onto a stool then phoned the
doctor.

After the diagnosis and the prescribing of
several sets of pills, the doctor left the house.
Mildred followed him outside. ''What is it Doctor?"
she said, He said he couldn't be certain but that if
her husband went unconscious in a short time she'd
know he had polio. Byron went unconscious alright,
and the next day (16 Sept.) was rushed to the Gen-
eral Hospital in Salt Lake City where he remained
unconscious for three weeks while his life hung in
the balance. He lived, but his right hand and arm
were stricken - and his legs - his poor pain-filled
legs. It was three months before he could sit up.
Eight months of therapy and hospital care brought
back the life and strength to his hand and arm - but
his legs? He never walked again. He was allowed
to return home a few days at Christmas and again
in early spring for the same length of time,

Mildred and the children all came down with
a mild form of polio to a greater or less degree,
but they were not hospitalized. The children soon
grew better but Mildred's trouble was in her spine
where she suffered a lot of pain, as she did in her
arms and shoulders, She was unable to lift anything
but she couldn't stop with a family to care for. It
took her five months to get back to near normal.
In the meantime Byron's father, Charles, passed
away suddenly just three weeks after Byron was
stricken. Someone made a typed copy of the pro-
ceedings at the funeral and this was sent to Byron.
It was poor comfort for the loss ofa father, on top
of everything else, but it was comfort neverthe-
less and appreciated. We have heard the expression
"It never rains but it pours’! - how true that must
have seemed to the Peterson family at that time.

Byron was brought home to stay 10 May 1946.
<span id="page-??"></span>
763 Byron Charles

Five nurses and one doctor from the hospital came
with him to give instructions on his care as well
as orient the family to the realization of the emo-
tional struggle their father and husband was going
to endure getting back into society. The doctor
said, ''No one in the world can make him walk
again and nothing in the world can do more to
help him now than the patient understanding and
love of his family.'"' So Mildred rolled up her
sleeves and went on with the job of nurse and
doctor as well as loving wife and mother.

Byron made wonderful progress, Before
long he was directing the operation of his farm
and livestock, from a truck he learned to drive -
_or awheelchair., For three years after that, with
the help of his son Kent, he hauled water by truck
from State Canal to their one thousand acre range
at Lone Cedar around Scipio Lake, 11 miles west
of Gunnison, to quench the thirst of a hundred and
fifty head of cattle for about a month and a half each
year, until the cattle found their way to the small
lake. They made several trips a day doing this
during that time.

hey The fall of 1947 they bought a duplex in town
at 78 East lst South, and rented the farmhouse to
others, This made it easier for the children to
attend school and for Mildred to do the shopping
and other family business, They still reside there
today, living in one side of the duplex and renting
out the other, A cement ramp from the front
cement porch makes it possible for Byron to go.
and come at will in his wheelchair. He has worn
out three of these and now has a fourth one, this.
with pneumatic tires to make it easier going. He
has wheeled himself downtown and to church and
local funerals, where the brethren lift him in his
wheelchair up and down the steps, He drives his
own car to other cities and cemeteries to attend
the funerals and burials of relatives and friends,
Most of us Christensens have seen him at such
places, Memorial Day always finds him at Gunni-
son Cemetery and then Manti Cemetery, near the
graves of departed loved ones, waiting to greet
other relatives he knows will come to decorate
the graves, He was and is a man who loves his
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 764

family and relatives dearly, one and all, Some
have this great spirit of family loyalty, while with
others it is almost entirely absent.

Byron eventually found it necessary to sell
out his ranch and cattle interests, first the cattle
then the range and lastly the farm, or ranch, of
372 acres, He says one of the saddest days of his
life was the day he was forced to part with the
ranch - he says he shed enough tears over it to
irrigate the place. He has sent both his sons and
one daughter on missions and both his sons to
college, All his children are doing very well,

He and Mildred have raised a fine family.

For the last three summers Byron has
assisted in operating the Tourist Information booth
in Gunnison City Park and expects to do the same
this summer (1969). It has been a great experience
and he is well qualified - both because of his friend-
liness and interest in people, and his knowledge of
the area and its history. We copy from an article
in the Deseret News:-- "Gunnison, Sanpete County -
more than 3,000 persons learned more about tourist
attractions in south-central Utah through the tourist
information booth operated at the City park during
1967. Officials said a total of 766 vehicles stopped
for information. The booth was open for 677 hours
and operated by Emil Nielsen, Byron Peterson, and
Mrs, Ferdinand Hansen, It was sponsored by the
Gunnison Stake of the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints through the assistance of the
Gunnison Businessman's Association and Sanpete
County agencies.'' An account of Byron's experience
with visitors there would fill another ten pages,

His service at the booth has been interspersed
by numerous trips with friends by car, truck or
jeep into the outlying areas of the region, but more
particularly into the wonderlands of eastern and
southern Utah, He is a great traveling companion,
He can talk for hours about the beauties of Utah's
highways and byways, mountains, canyons, deserts
and streams, Few retain a better knowledge of
places they visit than he. It has been twenty-three
and a half years now since he stepped foot upon the
sod - he who had been more apt to run at his work
or play than walk, We have never heard him
<span id="page-??"></span>
765 Byron Charles

complain or grumble at his lot, though he must do
at times, as Mildred can surely testify. With it
all he has retained his great sense of humor,
almost bubbling over with it at times. What a
lucky man he was to get a helpmate like Mildred.

Descendants of Byron Charles Peterson and
Mildred Elizabeth Olsen:--

(A) Barta Peterson, born 30 May 1937 in Gunnison,
Utah; md. 27 Mar. 1964 in Manti, Utah, Thomas
Durrant Bird (b. 5 Jan. 1934, Milwaukee, Wis-
consin to Thomas R. and Elda Althea Becker
Bird - now Mrs. D. B. Gregerson), Children,
the first three born in Salt Lake City, Utah:

I, Olene Bird b. 25 Dec. 1964

Il. Lane Durant Bird b. 21 Jan. 1966
III. Laraine Bird b. 29 Jan, 1967

IV. Judy Bird b. 2 Oct. 1968, Gunnison

(B) Kent Charles Peterson born 13 Nov. 1938 in
Gunnison, Ut; md 2 July 1965, Manti, Ut.,
Marcia Lynne Terry (b. 4 Mar, 1945, Salt
Lake City to Wendell Bradford and Beverly
Ann Dodge Terry.) Children:

I, Kent Charles Peterson b. 8 Oct. 1966,
Provo, Ut.

Il, Jeri Lyn Peterson b. 27 Aug.. 1968,
American Fork, Ut. =.

(C) RoLayne Peterson born 6 June 1941 in
Gunnison, Utah,

(D) Ravoe Peterson born 25 June 1943 in Gunnison;
md 17 Aug. 1968 in Manti, Louis Richard Lee:
(b. 3 Oct. 1941 in Bell, Calif. to Seth Walter
and Lois LaVon Pate Lee). Child:

I. John Richard Lee b. 17 June 1969, ©
Torrence, Calif. i

(E) Verden Byron Peterson born 9 July 1945 in
Gunnison. ’
