(52) Charlotte Rose Christensen (7) writes

something of herself;- "I was born 30 Apr. 1917
in Lyman, Uinta, Wyoming, eighth child in the
family, lIattended school at Evanston, Cheyenne
and Lyman, Wyoming, graduating from Lyman
High School as class valedictorian with a scholar-
ship to the University of Wyoming at Laramie.

"I spent from Sep, 1934 through June 1937
at the University of Wyoming. I worked my way
through doing stenographic duties and being pianist
of the campus dance band. In July 1937 I accepted
a position with the fiscal agent of the university
but continued in campus activities, including the
dance band, until 23 May 1939. June 1, 19391
accepted a summer position with the Department
of Interior at Yellowstone National Park but
stayed summer and winter for two-and-a-half
years, War was declared and I resigned to go to
California, 13 Jan. 1942, at which time I was
secretary to the assistant to the superintendent of
the department at Yellowstone.

“From 27 Mar, 1942 to 8 June-1951 I worked
at secretarial duties with the Air Traffic Control.
Division of the Civil Aeronautics Administration
in Santa Monica and Los Angeles, California. My
last position with this group was as secretary to
the Chief of the Air Traffic Control Branch, with
supervision over the stenographic staff. I resigned
due to pregnancy, for in the meantime I had mar-
ried, 8 Aug. 1948 in Las Vegas, Nevada, Herbert
James Warne (b. 2 Oct, 1920 in Erie, Pa., to
‘Earl Ross and Julie Marie Semple Warne),

"He had his own dance band and we had met
through his need for a piano player. He played the
trumpet. He was attending UCLA under the GI bill
at the time and he graduated in Business. Adminis-
tration from the University in June of 1950. He
now works for Max Factor as a purchasing agent
and has for the last twelve years and more. His
favorite hobby is his 17 ft. inboard-outboard motor
boat and the fishing and water skiing, etc. it.
provides,

"Our three daughters are our greatest bless-
ings ofall. They are talented in music, dancing,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Charlotte Rose 898

scholarship, looks and personality - guess you can
tell I'm proud of our children! They are one hund-
red percenters in church attendance, all baptized
LDS of course, and active in church activities.
They hope to bring their father into the church
someday.

"During high school I was secretary in the
Sunday School, Sunday School organist, and Primary
'Blue Bird' teacher. During college days I was
active in the LDS Institute. In our present West-
chester Ward in California I have been Relief
Society organist from 1959 to the present.

"To me life has always been interesting, with
wonderful experiences, Working in a National Park
winter and summer was a rare opportunity for
observing nature and wild life. The C.A.A, was
another enriching experience, as control of air
traffic is intensely complex and fascinating and I
met many interesting people - my employer, L.
Ponton de Arce, for instance, was one of the men
who originated our system of air traffic control as
we know it today. Ialso got to see a good-looking
naval officer now and then, named Sherman Chris-
tensen, a cousin from the office of Commander
Max Black,

"My work as a pianist in dance bands since
Iwas sixteen has given me the chance to meet and
observe countless people during their lighter mo-
ments - very revealing. I enjoy people and love
to play the piano, so this has been a painless
though demanding way of earning during the years.
My husband and I still play, more as a hobby now,
but the demand always seems to be there,

"T have too many wonderful memories of my
parents to even begin to share them at this time.
Their influence on my life was always for good - I
cultivated my own faults !"'

Children of Charlotte Rose Christensen and
Herbert James Warne - all born in Santa Monica,
Calif. :-

(A) Marilyn Ray Warne born 25 Sep. 1951
(B) Linda Marie Warne born 14 Apr. 1953
(C) Janice Loraine Warne born 4 Oct, 1956.
<span id="page-??"></span>
899 Vera Clark
