(10) Christian LeRoy Christensen (1) was
born 9 Jan, 1901 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah,
This was on a Tuesday. Roy, as he was most’
often called, was the fourth child and second son
of the family. He was of a sweet and gentle nature
like his mother Caroline, round faced, blonde and
inclined to be rather plump as a child, He was ©
baptized a member of the L.D.S, church three
days after his eighth birthday, 12 Jan, 1909, in
the Manti Temple, undoubtedly being taken there |
for the occasion by his grandmother, Else K,
Christensen,

Roy started school in Gunnison the fall of
1907. Those were the days when Beginner's Grade
preceded First Grade in most school districts.
His family moved to Salt Lake City the summer
of 1910, following the death of two of his sisters,
Elora, older, and Oriila just younger than he.
Here he started Third Grade in the Roosevelt
grade school about a mile from their lovely home
on 27th South 9th East, which his father had pur-
chased from his brother Andrew. Roy attended
school at Roosevelt through eighth grade and that
was the end of his formal schooling. But he con-
tinued to read a lot, for he loved books,

From 1910 on most of the summers of his |
youth were spent on the Weber Ranch in north-
eastern Utah, along with others of his family.
After his schooling was over, however, he began
alternating with his older brother Elmer at some
sheep camp owned by the Bennion Livestock Com-
pany, of which his father was part owner and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Christian LeRoy 700

general manager, or taking care of his father's
land on The Oasis, not far from Lyman, Wyoming,
It was here on The Oasis that he spent the summer
and fall of 1917, along with his sister Pearl, and
where they became involved in the unforeseen and
heartbreaking circumstances of their beloved
Father's accident and death. Details of this have
been related earlier in this book,

Roy says that following his Father's death
Uncle Lou Christensen bought their property there
on The Oasis and paid for it as soon as he could.
He himself went back to Salt Lake City with his
mother and his younger brothers and sister, He
was then nearing seventeen but too young to serve
in World War I, then in progress, He became his
mother's mainstay, working around as he could
until 1922 when he went to Nevada with his older
sister Pearl and her husband Peter Jensen, and
worked in the mines in Eureka, Nevada for six
months, Then he went to McGill, Nevada and
worked until 1929, at which time he returned to
Salt Lake City to be near his mother. Being unable
to find work in Salt Lake to his liking, he returned
to McGill and has worked there ever since,

Not all heros are in uniform and it will
surely be to Roy's eternal credit that he took care
of his mother to the best of his ability throughout
all those years, as long as she lived, He shared
his monthly checks with her and did all else he
could for her happiness, His younger brother
Farrald says they just couldn't have gotten along
inthe home then without the help Roy gave them,
Roy may still have blamed himself for his father's
untimely death, though circumstances entirely
absolved him, but a less sensitive and less dedicated
soul would have wearied of the long grind and gone
his own way.

Roy married a widow, Luella Ernstsen
Bennett, in Ely, Nevada 23 Dec. 1938, just two
and a half years before his mother's death. He
was within two and a half weeks of his thirty-
eighth birthday at the time and she was within a
week of her twenty-eighth. Luella writes of him: -
"IT met Roy in McGill when I first came here in
January of 1930, being a small town everyone
<span id="page-??"></span>
701 Christian LeRoy

knew everyone. My first husband and I lived in
McGill from soon after our marriage in 1929 until
he died, except for two years in Fillmore, Utah.

I had three sons, five, seven and nine, when Roy
and I were married. He has been a good husband
and a wonderful father. He deserves much credit.
My boys love him very much and remember no
other father, since their own father died when
they were pretty young. Our own son, Christian
LaVell, was born in McGill the early part of 1940.

"We are pretty proud of our boys, they have
given us little trouble. The oldest is a heavy-duty
mechanic in Salt Lake City; the second is a sales
manager in Salt Lake; the third has graduated
from medical school at the University of Utah and
is now doing his intern; and Chris, as we call our
youngest, is now working in electronics in Rich-
land, Washington. We have four lovely daughters-
in-law and many beautiful grandchildren. Roy
himself works for the Kennecott Company here
in McGill as a pipefitter. He hopes to retire
when he is sixty-eight (1969).

"We own our own home in McGill, a duplex,
live in one side and rent the other. We both enjoy
good health except for a little arthritis. Roy used
to enjoy fishing and hunting but doesn't do much of
that any more, since he gets short winded when he
walks very far. He enjoys working in the yard and
flowers. We don't do much traveling as we try to
avoid traffic and big crowds. We have made several
trips to Los Angeles and San Diego, several to
Reno, Carson City, Virginia City, and to Piermont
Lake in Nevada. We have also visited Yellowstone
Park, Capitol Reef in southern Utah, and Lake
Tahoe. : :

"Like Roy's, my father's parents were emi-
grants from Denmark who came to Zion for the
Gospel. My father, Ove Ernstsen, also born in
Denmark, is still living at 86 and has his own
home in Salt Lake City. His father lived to be 90.
There were eleven children in our family, nine
girls and two boys. Nine are still living. I myself
was born 30 Dec. 1910 in Loa, Utah and moved to
Salt Lake when I was fourteen. I attended Granite
High School there but quit in my third year and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Christian LeRoy 702

went to work, I met and married my first husband
there in 1929, Ihave worked off and on for years

in cafes in McGill and Ely as a cook, but haven't

the past year or so due to arthritis. I enjoy sewing
very much and make all my granddaughters' dresses,
Iam 5 ft. 3 inches high, weigh 123 lbs. and have
brown hair and eyes.

"Roy is 5 ft. 8 inches tall and weighs 160 lbs.
He has light hair and hazel eyes. Though his edu-
cation was limited he has read and studied a lot
and is a very intelligent man, He has many friends
and apparently no enemies. He doesn't have much
time for hobbies at present but enjoys our color TV
and card parties at the Elks Lodge twice a month.
Since we have so many friends in McGill and Ely,
we hope to continue to make our home here after
his retirement and plan a few trips by plane. We
want to visit my sister in Connecticut and many of
the ghost towns in Nevada."

Roy has not adopted the three Bennett boys,
sons of his wife and her first husband, Clarence
LeRoy Bennett - Merlyn LeRoy, Ernest Eugene
and Derral Duane, who are all married. But they
are very close to him as he is to them and their
families. He and Luella Ernsten have but the one
son of their own: -

(A) Christian LaVell Christensen b. 3 Feb. 1940
in McGill, Nevada; md. 27 Aug. 1960 in Ely,
Nevada, Elva Gwen Steele (b. 23 May 1941 in
Ely to Alma Blaine and Elva Venice Drollinger
Steele), Children: -

I. Gary LaVell Christensen b. 12 Sept. 1966
in Salt Lake City, Utah

II, Jill Christensen, b. 1 July 1968 in Rich-
land, Washington.

(ll) Virginia Christensen (4) It is recorded
that Iwas born 6 Sept. 1901 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah,
the day United States President William McKinley
was assassinated, Aunt Elsie Bartholomew often

- told me what a scrawny, homely baby I was and

how sorry Father felt for Mother, her having gone
through so much for such a poor specimen,
<span id="page-??"></span>
703 Virginia

When Iwas a small girl Mother often told me
about the visit of a wandering gypsy to our home
while Iwas yet a babe. When she proudly showed
her first-born off to the visitor, the old woman
offered to tell my fortune, and the words she said
were - 'When they're pretty when they're little
they'll be ugly when they're big and vice versa -
this child will be a beautiful woman!'' Whether
this pronouncement ever really took place or not I
have no way of knowing, yet I believed the story
then with ali my heart and it remained in my mem-
ory and helped to buoy me up during my ugly duck-
ling years, As awoman, however, my mirror has
never reflected ''a beauty" and I have had to be ©
satisfied with the thought that "beauty is as beauty
does'', Some have said that I resemble my Danish
grandmother Else in looks, though not in stature.
Be that as it may I was not fortunate enough to
inherit lovely auburn tresses like hers.

When I reflect on my childhood I remember
it as being a wonderful time of learning, achieving,
and being appreciated and loved. Our big new
house into which we moved when I was nine was the
envy of my friends. My sister Elaine and I were
also envied by them because of the time our talented
mother took with us in teaching us singing, drama-
tics and such, and because of the numerous oppor-
tunities we had to ''show off'' because of it.

How I loved school! I could hardly wait for
each autumn when the school bell started ringing.
I attended school at Manti from ''Beginners Grade"
into High School - from the red brick schoolhouse
to the white brick schoolhouse onthe same block.
The day before my eighth grade graduation I
sprained my right thumb playing volleyball at.
school and was forced to attend the graduation —
exercises with my black-and-blue thumb all: ..
bandaged up. The hurt to my pride was worse .
than the hurt to my digit, and needless to say I :
accepted my diploma with my left hand. A little
over a year after that graduation my darling
mother passed away and childhood for me came
to anend too. Life seemed much more serious.
after that.

Following my two years at Manti High, Father
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 704

sent Elaine and me to attend B. Y. High at Provo.
He found a nice elderly couple there, the Oscar
Hydes, with whom we could room and board, and
instructed them to treat us like their own daughters,
This they faithfully tried to do and threw in plenty
of advice in the bargain. But when they started
calling us and our dates in for family prayers at
nine o'clock in the evenings, indicating that it was
time for us to retire, it was a little hard to take.

Father's last words as he left us that autumn
at the Hyde's in Provo had been, "Virginia, you are
the oldest and I shall hold you responsible not only
for your own conduct but for Elaine's as well.'' Now
at that time I was a worrier and dear fun-loving
sister Elaine took advantage of her new found free-
dom, which managed to keep me pretty worried.
She had a gay time trying her wings while I hardly
dared venture beyond Hydes and school, She be-
came well acquainted with most everyone while I
walked my prim little way.

This was the winter of the great influenza
epidemic in Utah (1917/18) and Provo was not
spared, Prof, Clair Reid, our music teacher,
had Elaine and me join with six others of his vocal
students to form a double mixed quartet and sing
at funeral after funeral in the Provo cemetery, no
inside services being allowed then, We stood on
planks thrown over the muddy, snowy ground and
blended our voices in the hymns while Prof. Reid
pumped away at an old organ, which stood ina
small truck beside us, and played our accompani-
ment. One short funeral service followed another
and we moved around from place to place as coffin
after coffin was lowered into the frozen earth and
sobbing mourners stood around. So many died that
winter. Day after day we sang and shivered and
were awed by the sadness of it all. Neither Elaine
nor I took the flu that year, although others of our
roommates at Hydes came down with it.

The following winter when we returned to
Provo to school, some of Elaine's many friends
said, ''We see you have brought your younger
sister with you this year.'' Indeed! Though I was
smaller of course I was older and more advanced
in school and had also been there the year before.
<span id="page-??"></span>
705 Virginia

I was determined to worry less and have more fun
that year and it proved to be a challenging, wonder-
ful one for me, both educationally and socially. I
was chosen to serve as High School Studentbody
vice-president. Itook part in several plays under
the new college dramatic coach, Dr, T, Earl Par-
doe. Isang in choruses, vocal ensembles, and
did some soprano solo work, Ialso met a young
man for the first time, by the name of Daniel
Keeler, although we had been students together
the year before. His home was just a block from
the Hydes where I lived again that year. We began
dating.

I graduated from B.Y. High the spring of
1920, while Elaine took the college preparatory
course of three years high school only, so that
we could enter as freshmen together at the Univer-
sity the next fall, which we did. That too was a.
wonderful school year for me. Iwas elected vice-
president of the freshman class, Elaine and I took
private vocal from the new voice teacher, Prof.
Florence Jepperson {later Dr. Florence J, Madsen),
Again I took part in dramas, choruses, etc.,, and
had a lead in the college opera, Iwas a member
of the ladies trio that was chosen to represent BYU
at the Utah State Fair that year.. Elaine and I be-
gan singing duets together and with Prof. Jepper-
son as our coach and often our accompanist and
we were soon in much demand for school, church
and community functions, For the third straight
year we lived at Oscar and Stella Hydes. Again .
I dated Daniel Keeler, star basketball and football
player and trackman, ©

Second year college was also great and again
dramatic and musical activities took much of my
time and attention. Iwas also assistant editor of
the college literary magazine that year. Elaine |
and I, together with five of our very special girl.
friends, organized one of the first, if not the first,
social clubs at BYU. At first we called ourselves
the ''Seven Sisters'' which was later changed to the
more sophisticated O, S. Trovata. Iwas active in
Mask Club and for this group presented a dramatic
reading of the three-act play ''Merely Mary Ann",
One of the most exciting experiences of that year,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 706

however, was when I returned to my hometown of
Manti and sang as guest lead in the high school
operetta ''Chimes of Normandy" under the direction
of one of my early music teachers, Ellis E. John-
son, who was a pillar of musical strength in Manti
‘for nearly half a century.

Summers at home in Manti were busy times,
There was always plenty of work to do even after
Father married "Aunt Myrtle" in June. 1920 and
brought her home to mother us, I had many friends
and "our crowd'! had lots of good times together.
Among other summer activities I usually took piano
lessons from Prof, Lavoir Jensen but my fingers
were too short to really achieve in that field.

Most of the summer of 1922 I spent at Star
Ranch keeping house for the farm hands in the
"south home". Among the group who had to put
up with my cooking were my brother Sherman,
Uncle Joe Snow, and the foreman of the ranch,
Mr. Christopherson, whose wife had gone away
to have a baby. My friend, Daniel Keeler, was
in Canada that summer and I corresponded with
him. Each afternoon I saddled a horse and rode
a mile or so to the little village of Mona to mail
the letters I had written and pick up any there for
me. Ioften bought crochet thread at the one small
joint store and postoffice that place afforded. I
spent the evenings working on my trousseau, for
by then Iwas contemplating marriage.

Back to Provo and B, Y, U. that September
I was plunged headlong into my busiest school year
ever, Iwas nominated as a candidate for Student-
body vice-president, The campaign was a hot one
and Llost to Alice Ludlow, now the wife of present
president of B. Y. U., Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson.
My disappointment was soon smothered in a maze
of other activities. The very day of the election I
got word that my essay had been chosen as one of
the best in the Heber J. Grant oratorical contest
preliminaries. Ilater gave my paper, ''Obedience
to Law'', as an oration in the contest and won first
place, for which I received an autographed book
and congratulations from the President of the
church, Heber J, Grant. It was only the second
year for the Grant oratorical contest which is still
<span id="page-??"></span>
707 Virginia
held yearly at B, Y. U.

I took my ''teacher training" teaching a college
class in harmony, since I planned to graduate at
the end of two terms of summer school the follow-
ing summer. I had kept my grades high and taken
the maximum load, in spite of all the extracurricu-
lar activities in which I had engaged. These extra
activities continued throughout that school year.

Daniel M, Keeler, most always called ''Dan",
came down to Manti on Christmas Eve and gave me
a diamond, We were married during the holidays,
3 Jan. 1923, in the Salt Lake Temple. We had no
reception - this was a difficult time financially for
Father and Aunt Myrtle who, bless their hearts,
did the best for us they could, Father gave me
$100.00 and Aunt Myrtle gave us three or four
new pieced quilts she had just made for the family,
and sewed lingerie for me during the holidays,
working night and day at it although she was
expecting her second child, My "hope chest!'' was
the old family trunk that had been my mother's and
which I still have as a ''costume trunk''. My Uncle
Warren and Kate Snow of Salt Lake City gave us a
wedding supper at their home and we stayed at the
Hotel Utah overnight for our honeymoon, returning
to Provo the next evening and school the following
Monday morning as Mr. and Mrs. .

The extra activities continued as before.
One of the most enjoyable activities of my college
career was taking a lead in Victor Herbert's comic
opera ''The Red Mill", May 14, 1923. My husband
Dan also took a comic lead in that production,
which was mostly a dramatic part in which he
could ''fake'' the singing. I continued on to summer
school for the first term of six weeks but was
forced to drop out for the second term with only
a few more credit hours to go towards my gradua-
tion, Elaine dropped cut for the following winter
and taught in Manti, in hopes that we could both
return to college after my baby (Daniel) was born
and graduate together, But it was twenty-one
years before I returned to B,Y.U. as a student,

In the interim Dan was forced to quit school
and go to work, and we moved to Carbon county,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 708

Utah, living first in Price where he sold cars for
his brother-in-law's agency; then in Helper where
he operated a service station, and finally to the
mining camp of Latuda where he eventually went
into the coal mine there. It was by then the time
of the great depression and jobs were scarce. Our
second child, Jennie, was born in my folks! lovely
home in Manti just a short time before they turned
it over to their creditors and moved to Provo and
later Orem. Our third child, Colleen, was born
in Helper. Our fourth child, Ellen, was born at
my folks' home in Orem, and our fifth child,
Phillip, was born in Standardville, Utah, our first
hospital-born baby.

Church activity and service were important
to us, Itaught in the Primary in Price. In Helper
Iwas a Relief Society visiting teacher for the first
and only time and then was called to be president
of the Primary. One of the interesting experiences
during this service was the Primary operetta ''Rose
‘Dream'' we put on in a local theatre in connection
with the picture show, I directed and staged this
production, my first counselor took charge of cos-
tumes and scenery, and my second counselor
accompanied on the piano. The operetta was given
to a packed house just ten days before our daughter
Colleen was born,

In Latuda we attended Standardville Branch
a mile or so away - walking to and fro most of the
time. In Relief Society I served in almost every
capacity except that of president, also directing a
number of special activities, including a 'kitchen-
ette band'' to raise money for our Relief Society
library project. I put on one-act plays. I taught
a class in Sunday School. My most satisfying
church service there, however, was being presi-
dent of the Y. L. M. I. A. for more than three
years, Ialso directed the music and drama most
of the time, since we seldom could find anyone else
who would do it in that very small branch. During
this time the ladies' chorus which I organized and
directed won the Stake contest, the District,.and
was chosen to go to Salt Lake City to participate
in the All Church Chorus in the Tabernacle for
M. I. A. June conference, where it sang under
<span id="page-??"></span>
709 Virginia

the direction of the guest conductor Noble Cain,
nationally known composer and musician,

Ours was rather an odd looking chorus made
up of both young singers and some who were older,
There were two old maid school teachers from
Nebraska who were Methodists, a tall thin one and
a short plump one, and a very young new convert
straight from England among the fourteen singers
we had mustered. This young convert said to me
once, walking home from practice, ''Can one be
baptized over again? You know there is hardly
anything I haven't tried!'' Our accompanist was
the wife of the Principal of Latuda Junior High
and she was a good one. Our winning number was
"O Divine Redeemer", All my efforts, prayers
and spent time were more than rewarded when
Brother Robinson of the M. I, A. General Board
stood up in the Tabernacle at one of the general
conference meetings to evaluate the M. I. A. arts
program and said, among other things, "Out of
the smoke, dust, grime and desolation of a coal
camp has come one of the most divine ladies
choruses I have ever heard!!! I knew he meant
our chorus and my eyes filled with tears as I
trembled with emotion.

It was while living in Latuda that I first be-
came seriously interested in genealogy, encouraged
by my husband's lovely parents, Joseph B, and
Martha Alice Fairbanks Keeler, who were both
experienced genealogists. I began to search the
records for my progenitors, going occasionally to
the Genealogical Library in Salt Lake City, thena
rather humble institution in comparison with todays
world-famous organization. Dan and I both served
on the Branch and then the Stake genealogical com-
mittees, Then he was called to serve as a coun-
selor in the Branch presidency and later as
Standardville Branch President, serving as such
for a number of years,

I taught vocal music in the Latuda Junior
High School one year and was "drafted" to teach
the same at Carbon High School and Carbon Junior
College in Price the spring quarter of 1942, when
their music instructor, Ferris Edgley, was drafted
into the service. I rode back and forth on the school
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 710

bus, leaving Ellen and Phillip in the care of some
close neighbors and distant relatives, the Moffitts.
Colleen was in Jr. High at Helper and Dan and
Jennie attending Carbon High School, so they rode
the bus with me. Our son Dan graduated that -
spring. I prepared the music for the Baccalaureate
and Commencement services - it was a real chall-
enge. A few years before I had been invited to join
a Price community ladies chorus which twice each
year joined the city's male chorus in a public con-
cert. Iwas one of the leading soloists in their
presentation of Handel's Messiah at Christmastime
two different years,

- Being concerned with the cultural disadvantages
of raising our children in a mining camp.we did all
we could to combat this, Colleen took violin lessons,
Jennie studied the cello and Dan Jr. the bass fiddle,
as well as the mellaphone, We organized a stringed
quartett for a short time, with me playing the piano,
We had a family chorus but lacked a tenor, Jennie
and two of her little friends were organized into a
girls trio which we called ''The Three Little Maids,"'
They sang often at school and church, They won
first place in the Elks talent contest in Price one
year and Colleen won second on her violin. I
accompanied both. We sought the outstanding musi-
cal program on our radio, The children especially
‘enjoyed the ''All Girl Orchestra.'' Dan Jr. was in
both the Jr. High and High School bands, We
encouraged him and attended all his programs,

We sang at our work around the house, in unison
or harmony. I-can recommend singing together
as a bridge to the "generation gap"! in the family.
We seldom had disciplinary problems with our

_ children, .

‘In the spring of 1943 we moved back to Prove.
There were few houses for sale in the vicinity of
B.Y,U. where we wished'to settle, at a price that
we could afford. We finally found an old two-story
one at 362 North 400 East. We bought it and moved
in on election day in Nov. 1944, We have been
remodeling and fixing it up ever since and are
still at it. Dan has done so much work on it,
carrying out many of my ideas for beauty and his
for comfort. We have always worked well together
<span id="page-??"></span>
711 Virginia

as ateam, One of the children once said, ''There
is hardly anything that Mother can't "make up" or
Daddy can't 'make", referring at the time to an
M.I.A. roadshow I had concocted that needed as
a backdrop a giant rising moon in action. Dan
made the moon and it was so realistic that old
Ward members still talk about it.

As soon as we were comfortably settled in
Provo I went back to college at B. Y.U. Both
campuses were within easy walking distance of
our home. The requirements for graduation had
increased since I was a student there twenty-one
years before - the classes were ''stiffer''. I
changed my major from drama to music and took
as many classes each quarter for the next year,
including summer, to secure enough credits for
graduation. The graduation committee voted in
my favor and I understood later that the members
had included the excellent singing of my older |
daughters whom I had trained as one of my musi-
cal assets, I graduated in June 1945 with honors.
It was a dream come true!

Our church service did not diminish in Provo,
Dan became a counselor in the Ward Sunday School
Superintendency, a member of the Stake Seventies
Quorum Presidency for many years, and finally
President of the High Priests group in the Ward.
I served on the Relief Society Stake Board as
chorister and directed the Stake ''Singing Mothers".
I assisted with and sang in the Relief Society Sing-
ing Mothers Centennial Chorus that presented a
concert in the Salt Lake Tabernacle in 1947 under
the direction of Florence J. Madsen. I directed
choruses, plays and roadshows for the ward M.I.A.
and served as Y.L.M.1.A. president, first in the
Fifth Ward, Provo Stake and then, when that Ward
was divided, in the Eighth Ward of East Provo
Stake for well over three years, or until my health
broke. Ithen served as editor of the Eighth Ward
paper for a year-and-a-half.

In the meantime, besides engaging in some
club and civic work, Itrained and accompanied our
two daughters, Jennie and Colleen, in vocal duet
work and they became much in demand for pro-
grams, not only locally but throughout the county.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 712

f organized and directed a group of seven of our
youngest daughter Ellen's little friends in a Singing
group we named ''The Singing Sallies'', They too
were called upon to sing at church, school and
community functions without number, These were
only a very few of the activities, both musical and
otherwise, engaged in by members of our family.
Indeed we were a busy family.

Dan worked for Geneva Steel near Provo for
well over twenty years. He was active in politics
and served as Republican district chairman for
sixteen years and as a delegate to the State Repub-
lican Convention every election year during that
period. He has always been a great sports fan
and has followed the activities of the B. Y. U. foot-
ball and basketball teams with enthusiasm over
these past twenty-five years, He loves to garden
and raises lovely flowers, potting his numerous
geranium plants each winter in a make-shift nur-
sery in the basement. Together we raise beautiful
house plants, including African violets. Dan loves
to travel and he has taken numerous trips with our
eldest son, Dan, into the southern and eastern
"wonderlands' of Utah on filming excursions for
educational TV, in which the younger Dan is
engaged, The older Dan and I have driven by car
to visit our married children in New York, New
Jersey, California and Arizona. We recently flew
for a two weeks visit to a daughter's family in
Cleveland, Ohio and visited early church points of
interest while there. In these later years I have
sometimes longed to travel to distant lands, espec-
ially Denmark, should my health permit, But so
far Ihave had to be content mostly with being an
“arm chair traveler, '' where that is concerned,

Since retiring two years ago from Geneva
Steel Dan has been serving as Eighth Ward clerk,
from which position he has recently been released,
Presently the two of us are working hard together
on both of our genealogies with some success, He
goes often to the Salt Lake Temple and Genealogical
Society, He has had excellent health over the years
with the exception of a heart attack which he suffered
five years ago and from which he has made remark-
able recovery.
<span id="page-??"></span>
713 Virginia

On the other hand my physical health has
been rather poor for the past dozen years as I
suffer from rhumatoid arthritis. Severe surgery
for cancer eight years ago brought me to the
realization that I might not have too many more
years to live; that I still had important work to do
and should be getting at it in dead earnest! But
just what was the most.important work for me to
engage in during my ''bonus" years? Genealogy
was my first answer. Then recalling a blessing
Ihad been given a few weeks after my marriage
by my husband's father, who was then Patriarch
of Provo Stake, I began to puzzle over these state-
ments in it: "You have many gifts of the spirit and
natural endowments..,. You have the gift and power
of language - the ability to express your thoughts
by word of mouth and by writing. Cultivate this
gift and God will bless you, for your words will
fly as on the wings of morning to the delight and
benefit of many people; thus returning to you after
many days like bread cast, upon the waters,'"!

- [Thad never thought of myself as being much
of a writer since my freshman English class in
compo sition at B, Y.U., where Elaine got straight
A's and I was lucky to come off with C's; the only
C's Lever received in college as I recall. I had
always considered Mother, Elaine and Sherman
as the writers of our particular Christensen °
family -.and still do, Yet here in this blessing
was an indication that I could write and should
improve the talent. Why not combine genealogy
and writing? PO i

In 1962 I published a history and genealogy
of some of my mother's people, the Van Burens.
I did it as a missionary project to try and have a
hand in turning the hearts of my dear relatives
towards their fathers. It was not planned to be a
financial success - and was not. But, like bread.
cast upon the waters, much joy and satisfaction
has come to.me through this endeavor - and the
end is not yet in sight. I had long had a desire
to write my Grandmother Christensen's history
so I turned to that. My Christensen book will be
the result. Already the happiness I have gained
through the interest, kindnesses and willing
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 714

assistance of my many wonderful Christensen
cousins and their descendants in this project has
made it more than worth while. I feel that the
descendants of Laurs and Else K, Christensen

have grown closer together in spirit and under-
standing. What more could Task? I couldn't

have done either of these books without the unselfish
help of my fine husband - he has gone along with. me
every step of the way.

Dan and I continue to find happiness and
satisfaction in the programs of the church, We
marvel at its growth and fulfillment of prophecy.
The Gospel of the Master is still our guide and
‘inspiration, Yet abundant joy comes to us from ©
association with our five outstanding children and
twenty-six lovely grandchildren and we cannot help
but feel that they are perhaps our greatest assets
in this life. We have complete confidence that
these cherished family relationships will continue
beyond mortality and will weather all else that ©
may stand between earth life and the eternities -
forever. How else could there be Heaven there
for us? :

Descendants of Virginia Christensen and
Daniel Mandeville Keeler: -

(A) Daniel Albert Keeler born 2 Apr. 1924 in

Prove: Ut; md. 11 June 1950 in Salt Lake City,
(Temple) Felicia Fourie (b. 15 May 1925 in

Chogiown South Africa to Abraham Petrus and

Johanne Margaret Gregg Fourie). Children,

all born in Salt Lake City, Utah:-

I, Larry Daniel Keeler (twin) b. 14 June 1952

II. Linda Dinelle Keeler (twin) b. 14 June 1952

HiIl; Bradley Fourie Keeler b. 30 Sep. 1954

IV. Susan Lynn Keeler b, 13 Sep. 1956

V. Clifton Gregg Keeler b. 3 Sep. 1962

(B) Jennie Maurine Keeler born 25 July 1925,
Manti, Ut.; md. 24 Jan. 1945 Salt Lake City
(Temple) Ray Whiteley Gwilliam (b. 14 Dec.
1924, Ogden, Ut. to John Vernal and Mary
Whiteley Gwilliam). Children, all born in
Provo, Utah except the last:

I, Linda LaNae Gwilliam, b. 11 May 1947; md
23 May 1969, Mesa, Arizona to Alan L. Gore
<span id="page-??"></span>
715 Virginia
(ob. 8 Apr. 1944, Lodi, Calif. to Olie Nixon
and Stella Mildred New Gore)
II, Dale Ray Gwilliam, b. 10 Mar. 1949
iii, John Kim Gwilliam, b. 2 Apr. 1952
IV, Virginia Jill Gwilliam, b. 14 Aug. 1953
V. Daniel Lynn Gwilliam, b. 24 Mar. 1955
VI. Lee Ann Gwilliam, b. 26 Sep, 1957
VII. Shawna Lucille Gwilliam, b. 25 June 1959
Vill. Carl Taylor Gwilliam, b. 7 Aug. 1962,
Mesa, Arizona,

(C) Colleen Keeler, born 26 July 1927 in Helper,

Utah; md, 19 Dec. 1949 in Salt Lake City, Utah

(Temple), Joseph Elroy Jones (b. 28 Sep. 1924,

Delta, Utah to Elroy Smith and Josephine Savage

Jones) Children:

I, David Elroy Jones, b. 3 Apr. 1951, Salt
Lake City, Utah

II. Richard Keeler Jones, b. 7 Feb. 1952,
Minneapolis, Minnesota :

Ill, Kristine Jones, b, 11 June 1953 S:L.C.

IV. Roger Savage Jones, b. 1 Feb. 1956
Long Island, Queens, N. Y.

V. Carol Jones, b. 7 Sept. 1958, Princeton,
New Jersey .

VI. Stephen Elroy Jones, b. 23 Jan. 1960,
Provo, Utah

(D) Ellen Elaine Keeler, born 1 May 1934, Orem,
Utah; md, 3 Jan, 1958 in Manti, Utah (temple),
Ivan Barry Thompson (b, 31 Dec, 1929 Logan,
Utah to Ivan Hall and Ella Margaret Lundquist
Thompson) Children:

I, Douglas Ivan Thompson, b. 29 Oct, (1958, :
New York City -

Il, Kathleen Thompson, b, 1 Dec, 1959,
Glendale, Calif, mo

fil, Bradford Daniel Thompson, b. 10 Jan,
1961, Glendale

IV, Ellen Virginia Thompson, b. 23 Nov, 1962,
Glendale

Vv. David Keeler Thompson, b. 12 Sep. 1964,
Fullerton, Calif, :

Vi. Jonathan Crossley Thompson, b, 12.May
1966, Fullerton

VII. Margaret Lynn Thompson, b. I7 June
1968, Fullerton
<span id="page-??"></span>
Florence LaFaun 716

(E) Phillip Fairbanks Keeler born 23 Nov. 1937
in Standardville, Utah
