(58) Cullen Yates Christensen (4) was born
in Manti, Sanpete, Utah 8 May 1921. When he was
a baby he suffered a lot with eczema. His face
was often dobbed up with a soothing, smelly yellow
salve. If he ate eggs he got hives, his tongue
would thicken and his eyes almost swell shut at
times, This was rather disconcerting to Mother
Myrtle, a food specialist and dietition of some
experience, who tried to raise him with the most
scientific care, He was the best-taken-care-of-
baby one could imagine. He also had a number of
brothers and sisters in the home to help spoil him.

The Christmas Cullen was a year and a half,
Iwas home from school at Provo for the holidays.
My fiance had given me a ten pound box. of. choco -
lates and after passing it around a time or two] °
placed it in my dresser drawer upstairs for safe.
keeping. Every time I went upstairs when Cullen
was awake I would hear the thump- thump- thumping
of his little knees as he came crawling quickly up
the stairs behind me, 'Canny, Ninny, canny" he
could barely say it, yet with his baby hands
eagerly extended I knew well what he wanted, And
who could resist? Not I! ‘Together he and Iaté a
big share of that whole ten pound box of chocolates
in those ten days. I'm pretty sure Mother Myrtle
had no idea about Cullen's part in it, yet this doubt-
less aggravated his sensitive skin condition,

While he was still in the "diaper stage" his
grandfather Christensen used to take him’on short
walks up and down the sidewalk or around the block,
Cullen often wore little black sateen rompers with
a large yellow cloth cat face appliqued on front,
Hand in hand he and grandfather would toddle along,
for the old man's legs were rather short.and getting
stiff and he was. also built on a rather wide track -
like the diapered baby. But Cullen's short legs _
grew long in time and the rest of him also grew,.
and despite his early digestive problems he turned
out to be the tallest of A, H. Christensen's four
sons,

He was a few months past four when the
family moved to Provo and then later to Orem. .
It was in Orem that he attended school through the
grades and high school. He graduated from Lincoln
<span id="page-??"></span>
Cullen Yates 920

High School there the spring of 1938 as valedictorian
of his class, He was a talented boy, a fine student
and a great reader, He had a beautiful baritone
voice, was good at basketball; in fact most anything
he put his mind to he could do well. Of course he
had plenty of work to do on the small fruit farm
where the family lived, but he found time to fish

and hunt as a boy - and these he loved to do and

still does to this day.

Cullen writes about those early days in
Orem:- 'My most vivid recollections of Dad are
associated with the home in Orem, the fishing and
hunting trips, the family outings, Christmas, and
the law business, I believe Dad really loved that
place in Orem. He always arose early and did a
half days work before going to the office. Inever
could join him in his obvious love for horses and
sheep he kept on the place. Those horses ate con-
stantly and I doubt if he ever rode one. He seemed
to enjoy just watching them and perhaps recalling
his early days in Gunnison and Manti.

"My first recollection of fishing was with
Dad at Fish Lake and Strawberry, particularly
Charlie Madsen's camp at Strawberry. I can still
see the smile on Dad's face when he would bring
out a nice native trout on the big pop-gear.

"The Sunday afternoon picnics at Canyon Glen
and Aspen Grove were great. Mother would always
have such good food and Dad did enjoy games with
us children. Of course Christmas Eve when all the
family would gather was the greatest! Each would
perform in turn and Dad would enjoy every minute

of it..

‘Mother was always thinking of others and
doing something for someone else, Maybe she got
more enjoyment out of that than doing things for
herself. I truly believe that I was blessed with
the finest parents on earth,"

Cullen was popular with the girls at Lincoln
High School but he had found a favorite in Daryl
Stewart, atall, slender, pretty, dark haired miss,
And Daryl liked Cullen but her mother objected to
her going steady. His parents seemed to be of the
same opinion so the two didn't go steady but they
<span id="page-??"></span>
921 Cullen Yates

dated quite often nevertheless, The summer after
high school graduation Cullen went out of state to
work ona ranch. Daryl worked at Parks Cafe in
Orem and found that there were other young men
interested in her, one in particular who:was very
persuasive. werd

Cullen attended BYU the following winter and
since Daryl seemed unavailable for dating their
paths seldom crossed, The next summer. he went
with his brother Phil to Tulsa, Wyoming and worked
for the McGinnis Livesteck Company, and Phil telis
something of this:- 'I drove my old Austin up to
Wyoming in the summer of 1940 to work for the
livestock company again. As I recall Cullen, my
younger brother, Warren Tanner and Gus Keele
went with me to work on the ranch. Cullen,

Warren and Gus were all pretty good sized and I,
of course, had then reached a pretty mature stature
myself, although I think I was smaller than the
others, When we finished our work on the ranch
that fall we went up to Yellowstone Park. We had
no place to stay and we spent one of the coldest
nights lever recall, all four of us trying to sleep
in that little old Austin, But we had a nice trip. :
nevertheless. Idon't remember how much money
we were able to save from the work up there but.
it was not a great deal, though it did help a little
getting started in school again."

Cullen attended BYU that winter. Daryl.
married Richard Hamilton Sparks that same
winter. After his two years at BYU Cullen went
back to Washington D.C. and studied law at the
George Washington University. To make his way
he was also employed by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation in its Washington office.,. Here he
remained from the fall of 1941 until Aug. 1944,
when he was drafted inte the army, since. World
War liwas on. He trained first in Texas and then.
Maryland and became a special agent in the U.S...
Army Counter Intelligence Corps (CIC). He was
sent to serve in Japan but arrived there just as
the war ended in 1945. However, he remained
in Japan with the forces of occupation until 1946.

Meanwhile, Daryl was having marital prob-
lems and was in the process of securing a separation
<span id="page-??"></span>
Cullen Yates 922

from her husband, One day she ran across Cullen's
sister Norma on the street and, stopping to inquire
about Cullen, learned that he was on his way home,
She said casually, 'Tell him to look me up when he
comes - I'd love to see him.'' And look her up he
did and their friendship of high school days was
soon renewed,

Cullen and Daryl Aldene Stewart (Sparks)
were married 23 Oct, 1946 at her parents' home
in Provo. Cullen's father performed the cere-
mony in the presence of members of the two
families, Cullen comments on this:- ''The only
time I can ever recall Dad being flustered was
when he was performing the marriage ceremony
for Daryl and me. He kept getting his notes
turned upside down, What a precious moment to
remember !'' A wedding dinner was given later in
honor of the bride and groom at a party house in
Orem, with members of both families present.
Daryl was an only child, having been born 16 Oct.
1921 in Salt Lake City, Utah to Allen Glover and
Martha Ellison Stewart. She had two sons by her
first husband: Richard, almost five at the time of
this second marriage, and Robert, two and a half.
Cullen adopted these two boys soon after and they
took the Christensen name.

Immediately after their marriage the couple
left for Washington D. C. where Cullen resumed
his study of law at George Washington University
as well as his poSition in the office of the F. B.I.

It was arranged that after they were duly settled
there, his sister Norma would fly back with the
two little boys. And this Norma did - and she tells
about it:- "A most promising opportunity appeared
on the horizon when Cullen and Daryl accepted my
offer to fly back to Washington D. C. with their
two boys. I planned to work for a while in the
nation's capitol, at least until my sweetheart,
Reed, was out of the army and we could make
more realistic plans for the future. For a final
outing of skiing prior to my leaving, I borrowed
some ill-fitting boots which literally became my
downfall. On an innocent-appearing slope my
inside runner dug in and I found myself cart-
wheeling into a snowy heap, my right leg twisted
<span id="page-??"></span>
923 Cullen Yates

into an odd and painful position. . . Later, witha
walker heel attached to my cast, Iwas able to walk.

"Our flight to Washington was a.chore, to
put it mildly, beginning at 2:30 a.m, 18 Feb. 1947.
However, the most difficult part came after we
arrived, In my 'unhandy' condition we were the
last ones off the plane, thereby missing Cullen's
page for us over the loud speaker, Having received
no response, Cullen. and Daryl checked the time of
arrival of the next flight and spent the interval
gaily window shopping, having lunch, etc. Mean-
while, back at the terminal we were experiencing
almost complete despair. My efforts to make con-
tact by phone were of course fruitless and the boys
were so tired from our almost sleepless night that
they were completely unmanageable. Finally, after
what seemed like an eternity and to my indescrib-
able relief, the parents of my charges appeared,
Whew! That was my somewhat unpleasant intro-
duction to five fabulous months in Washington D.C.,
the first four weeks of which were spent housebound
with my newest sister-in-law, because of my cast.
But this provided us an opportunity to get acquainted
and in no time at all I became convinced that my
brother Cullen was the luckiest man I knew."

Cullen graduated from George Washington
University Law School with an.LLB degree in 1948
and the family returned to Provo, Utah. He was
admitted to the Utah State Bar in 1949 and joined
his father and two older brothers in their law firm
there. He has been a practicing attorney since
that time to the present in Provo, with the excep-
tion of a period (1951-52) spent again as special
agent, U.S. Army Counter Intelligence Corps,
during the Korean War.

Daryl and Cullen eventually built a beautiful
home on Canyon Road in North Provo where they °
reside, They both find time to play golf and Cullen
to go fishing and hunting. Attending conventions
all over the country is also a part of their life
together, for Cullen has served as president of
a number of local civic clubs and organizations
as well as president of the Utah State Bar, He
sought his first political office in this last presi-
dential election (1968) when he ran as a candidate
<span id="page-??"></span>
Cullen Yates 924

for Judge of the Fourth Judicial District - but he
was defeated. Among a few of the credentials
listed on his campaign literature were these: -
‘Current President of Utah State Bar Association;
Utah County Bar Association (past president);
American Bar Association; American College of
Probate Counsel (Utah State Chairman); Provo
Rotary Club (past president); Past President Provo
'Jaycees; Provo Chamber of Commerce (Past
Director); Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
Provo; Utah Valley Opera Association (Past
Director); Past President of Riverside Country
Club; Member of LDS Church.

Fundamentally, the processes of the law
mean a great deal to Cullen and he came by this
naturally, since it was sorta "born and bred in
him!'' as it were. I remember hearing of the time
when he was taking his first turns at driving the
family car. He was driving Father home from
Salt Lake City late one night. They were alone
-and Father was in the back seat, presumably
asleep. Cullen began speeding and the siren of an
alert highway patrolman made him well aware of
it. He pulled off the highway and slowed to a stop
and the patrolman was soon questioning him rather
bruskly. Cullen squirmed under his gaze and
glanced hopefully in Father's direction but the
older man never moved or spoke, Cullen was on
his own with his accuser and Father allowed him
to suffer the full impact of breaking the law.

Yes, Cullen learned first hand to respect the
law by counsel and example, for his father believed
in and lived it to the fullest. Cullen writes of him
in this regard:- ''While my association with Dad
at the office was not nearly long enough, I know
he was a great lawyer. Older members of the
Bar still comment on his integrity and hard work.
The law was really his life. Perhaps so much so
that in his declining years he was unable to find
real interest in anything else. Near the end, I can
still see him sitting at his desk, moving papers
around, and acting like an old war horse who would
like to do battle just one more time."'

Descendants of Cullen Yates and Daryl Aldene
Stewart Christensen: -
<span id="page-??"></span>
925 Tresia Clark

(A) Richard Hamilton Christensen born 17 Nov.
1941 in Alhambra, Calif.

(B) Robert Allen Christensen born 17 Apr. 1943
in Provo, Utah; md. 23 Mar. 1968 in Provo,
Karalee Heiner (b. 4 Apr, 1944 in Rock Springs,
Wyoming to Max Reynold and Alice Jean Ander-
son Heiner). Child:-

I. Todd Christensen b, 24 Sep. 1968, San
Francisco, Calif,

(59) Tresia Clark (9} was born 28 May 1922
in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. Her birth took place
on her uncle Albert Christensen's ranch a mile or
so west of town in the small farmhouse there,
since her father was then serving as foreman on
the ranch.

Tresia writes about herself:- 'A few months
after my birth in Gunnison our family moved to
Goshen, Utah to live. It was here I started school
when I became of age. In early spring of my_
second year of school we moved to Santaquin, Utah
where Father had bought a lot of the southwest
corner of a block there and at first we rented a
house on the southeast corner of that same block
until Dad had enough of our house finished on our
new lot to move in. Here we only had lanterns to
see by at nights for some weeks and I remember
how wonderful it seemed when we got electricity
into the house. I also remember spending hours
and hours moving rocks from the ground before
Dad could plant our garden. co

"JT finished the ninth grade of school in
Santaquin and then started high school in Payson, ©
traveling back and forth by school bus. But I
dropped out of school before Christmas of that
year. I remember Uncle Albert Christensen took
me over to his home in Orem during the Christmas
vacation and talked to me about how important an
education was. At the time I half promised to
return to school the beginning of the new year an
but I never did. 4 7

"On Easter Sunday, the next spring, my
oldest sister, Vera, was married (1938). Iwas
<span id="page-??"></span>
Tresia Clark 926

with a group of young friends in a car when we had
a terrible accident. A drunk, driving another car,
ran into us. My sister Alta was among those in ‘the
back seat but was not seriously injured, as some.
of the othersofuswere. Iwas sitting in the front
seat and was badly injured and not expected to live
for about a week. My face was cut almost from
ear to ear and other damage. Iwas unconscious
for quite a period. When I first saw my father,
after regaining consciousness, I told him that I
was concerned that he and Mother had not been to
the:Temple to be sealed for eternity.. This seemed
to have been constantly on my mind after the acci-
dent, Irecalled Mother worrying about my sisters
Vera and Alta turning eighteen before she and Dad
got around to having us children sealed to them. i I
exacted a promise from Dad at that time that.he..
would prepare to have his and Mother's temple
work done befo re my eighteenth birthday.

Lewis “My parents did. ‘prepare, ‘themselves and
were permitted to go to the House. of, the. Lord. An.
Manti and have their. temple work. done. : and us ~
younger children sealed to them the very day. before
my eighteenth birthday, 27 Mar. 1940. .1 know-how
happy they. will be when all of their children are .«
sealed to them and we can all look forward to being
together:in the world where they have.gone, They
made many sacrifices for.us; the least we.can do.
now for them is to prepare ourselves. by righteous
Hving to join them as a family in the eternity.

‘In 1940 I started a course under Margaret.
P. Maw at the Provo School of Beauty Cultute and
graduated from there 15 Dec, 1941... J.worked for
a year as a’ beautician in Fillmore, Utah and then.
for a time in Helper, | Utah.. {f-also did the same
kind of work in Murray, Utah. after my marriage, )
Ilater went to Salt Lake City and worked in a war
plant (radio tube plant). - - 8

'It was while working in Salt Lake City that
I met my future husband, Max Andrew Rosenlund
(b. 20 Mar. 1926 in Fairview, Utah to Paul Andrew
and Annie Darthea Peterson Rosenlund),

"Max and I first met in February of 1945 and
were married the following October 23rd in
<span id="page-??"></span>
927 Tresia Clark

Evanston, Wyoming, where my parents had been
married, We lived in Murray, Utah for a number
of years and then bought our present home at 6871
Springbrook Way in Salt Lake City. We have had
two sons and three daughters and’are so grateful
for each of them. We also had my sister Alta's
son Terry in our home for several years until he
went into the service. Max and I went through the
Salt Lake Temple and had our five children sealed
to us, 10 Dec. 1960.

"Tl started working at the Mode O'Day factory

in 1944 and am working there at the present time.

I have worked off and on all during my married life.
My husband Max and our eldest son, Wayne, and I
have gone into the part-time business of upholster-
‘ing and we are doing quite well. We recently built
the booths for the Oakridge Country Club. Max
built the booths, Wayne did the upholstering and I.
did the sewing. It was a beautiful job, if Ido. say
so, and we have had a number of calls from other
interested parties and have a couple of jobs to bid
«on now, My favorite hobby, besides my ‘family
and the church, is sewing. At present we are >
repainting and refurnishing our home. and I have
been making new bedroom drapes and also new.
ones for the kitchen, »

"IT have been a Sunday School teacher for the
past eight or nine years. We now live in the ~~
Butler 5th Ward, Butler Stake, Jam very.anxious
to get started on my genealogy. Idon't know. the’
first thing about this work but I'm determined to:
learn. Our oldest daughter Karen attended BYU.
at Provo this past school year and took classes in
this subject. She too is interested in genealogy
and perhaps together we can do something about, .
our own. My main desire in life is to stay close’
to the church, live by its teachings, and raise |
righteous children,.'! J

Descendants of Tresia Clark and Max Albert
Rosenlund:-

(A) Wayne Max Rosenlund born 4 Aug. 1946 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 2 Oct. 1965 in Salt
Lake City, Joy Evette Borg (b. 13 Oct, 1949 in
Salt Lake City to Chirrel and Ruth Afton
<span id="page-??"></span>
Tresia Clark 928

Peterson Borg). Children:-
I, DeWayne Max Rosenlund b. 21 Apr. 1966 |
in Murray, Utah (Cottonwood Hospital).
ll. Shauna Jean Rosenlund. b. 6 July 1968
in Murray.

(B) Boyd Clark Rosenlund born 2 Dec, 1947 in Salt
Lake City; md. 23 June 1967 in Salt Lake City,
Colleen Faye Fitzgerald (b. 18 June 1949 in Salt
Lake City to Ralph and Faye Ferguson Fitz-
gerald), Child:-

I. Sheila Shantel Rosenlund b. 27 Mar. 1968,
Murray, Utah.

(C) Karen Rosenlund born 23 Jan. 1950 in Salt
Lake City, Utah.

(D) Paula Rosenlund born 27 June 1955 in Murray,
Utah.

(E) Patricia Rosenlund born 3 Nov. 1956 in Salt
Lake City, Utah.
