(50) David Christian Christensen (8) was
born in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, 16 Nov. 1915.
He grew up in the Gunnison area and attended
school there until his family moved to Manti,
Utah not long after he turned ten years old. Here
he continued his education, graduating from Manti
High School in May 1934, after having acted as
Studentbody President during the year.

Salt Lake City became David's home soon
after his graduation, His father having passed
away in Dec, 1932, David was now the ''man of
the family'' and his mother's main help in the
things about the place that needed a man's touch,
He was a great help to her, In Salt Lake he regis-
tered at the University of Utah and took some
classes there in the department of Mines and
Engineering for atime. He was somewhat of a
hustler and although the great depression was in
progress in the country he did what he could find
to do to help out.

David was married 17 Dec. 1941 to Myrtle
Osborn (b. 9 July 1917 in Escalante, Utah to
Warren Jasper and Ruby Twitchell Osborn),
Their marriage was solemnized twenty-and-a-
half years later, 21 June 1962, in the Salt Lake
<span id="page-??"></span>
889 David Christian

Temple, War preparations were very much in
evidence at the time of their marriage and David,
as well as Myrtle, were soon engaged in the
same, as evidenced by a letter he wrote to his
sister Gladys in San Francisco about a year after
they were wed. A copy ofthe letter follows:

"Cheyenne, Wyoming
5 Nov. 1942
"Dear Gladys:

Yes, we are more busy now than ever, It
seems like the ships (planes) keep coming in faster
all the time and fewer men to do the work - more
females, It's ten or eleven hours every day so
we do manage to keep out of mischief at home.

We have been lucky to have the same hours the
past two months; hope we can have the same luck,
all winter - and I do mean winter! We sure would
like to live in California by Lake Merrit again,
You don't know how lucky you are. not to have. to
plow through snow on your way to work.’ We are
glad and mighty lucky to be together, however,

so in spite of the long hours and Wyoming in
general, we are still in love and happy. And the
money that's rolling in - ah, if living just wasn't
so damn high! By the way, Ihave had another
raise. ; “ : tee

.'We had a battle on: our hands a few days
ago. It seems they had us on our way to New.
York; but me, I turns up the next morning to work
in good old Cheyenne just the same.. Well, there
- were a lot of promises made to bring us back in
a short time, but I found a fellow who lived in the
east and they sent him instead. It sure did sound
fun but we still want to stay west of Cheyenne,
Wyoming. The draft board hasn't sent any more
news to me and I have my Navy papers all ready
to go if they do, I think I'm safe until February
anyway.

"Myrtle and I are planning to fly home for
Christmas and surprise Mother; that is if we can
both get a couple of days off together. We can
get half fare and that's cheaper than bus - so why
not? It would be swell if you could come too,
Myrtle hasn't even been inside my kind of airplane
yet so I think it will be a swell treat for her.
There isn't much news to tell you from here so I
<span id="page-??"></span>
David Christian 890

guess I'll sign off for tonight. Love, Dave &
Myrtle & Dicky. (Dicky is our new little boy-
bird - lots of fun to play with)."

When World War II was over David and
Myrtle returned to Salt Lake City and joined with
his mother in buying a duplex home there at 1333
South 6th East. Millie lived in the one side until
her death, while David and his family occupied the
other, and still live there. He and Myrtle have
three children, a son and two daughters, the first
daughter born before they returned to Salt Lake
from California where they had been transferred
from Wyoming.

In all, David has worked for United Air Lines
for some twenty-eight years. He worked for them
first in Oakland, Calif. for three months, then two
years in Cheyenne, Wyoming, two years in San
Francisco, and for the past twenty-four years at
the Salt Lake airport, For the past eight years
his wife Myrtle has been working inthe delivery
room of the LDS Hospital in Salt Lake as a regis-
tered nurse, They are still busy, happy people,

Descendants of David Christian Christensen
and Myrtle Osborn:--

(A) Kathleen Christensen born 20 Jan, 1944 in
San Mateo, Calif; md. 22 Nov. 1964 in Salt Lake
City (Temple) William Hagen (b. 11 Dec. 1939
in Salt Lake City to Walter Tom and Frances
Duke Hagen), Children:
I. Diana Lyne Hagen b. 8 Feb. 1966, Salt Lake
City, Ut.
II. Anthony Todd Hagen b. 28 Feb, 1967,
Salt Lake City.

(B) David Scott Christensen born 18 Aug. 1949 in
Salt Lake City, Utah

(C) Malinda Pat Christensen born 11 Dec. 1955,
Salt Lake City.
