(51) Don Gilmore Christensen (3) writes:
"T was born 31 Dec. I916. My mother told me
that there was some discussion as to whether I
was born 31 Dec. 1916 or 1 Jan. 1917, father's —
<span id="page-??"></span>
891 Don Gilmore

watch indicating that it was already the New Year
and Dr, Hagen's that it was still 1916. The doctor
prevailed. Whether his watch was more accurate
than father's I do not know; Ido know this, how-
ever, that a birthday sandwiched in between Christ-
mas and New Years is not the best time of year

for a young boy's birthday - it tends to get lost in
the other events of the season.

"My oldest brother, Harold, stated many
times that he did not know Mother was expecting
and that it came as a great surprise to him to
learn that he had a new baby brother. He wondered
if the folks had adopted a child, I am twenty-two
years younger than Harold, Mother was nearing
forty-five when Iwas born. But whether Harold
was expecting me or not, my parents were and all
of my recollections of them are of tender, loving
care towards me. Mother told me several times
while I was a young chap that although she had
other children she felt, upon my birth, like 'Sarah
of Old' must have felt about her son Isaac, who
was born when she was old. She always made me
feel like I was something special and important to
her, and throughout her lifetime I tried: to be just
that, -

"At the time of my birth we were ‘he siding t
within the Gunnison City limits but my first clear
recollection of home is the farmhouse down below
Rocky Point, a mile or so west:of Gunnison, Along
about age nine I became-ill with pneumonia and -
recall spending considerable time in bed and out.
of school. When Lwas recuperating, the-ice on
the Sanpitch River was thick enough | for, skating,
and sliding. I importuned Mother until she finally
let me go out and play with the others, I was not
sufficiently recovered andthe relapse which. a
followed was considerably more severe than. the
initial illness, I have heard that the doctor. . :
despaired of my life, but Mother! s constant care
and the ‘mustard plasters' apparently pulled me.
through, Mother was also my teacher during the
long period of convalescence and I was quite sur-
prised, on returning to school, to find that Iwas
right up with the class,

-"Speaking of illness, there was an evening
<span id="page-??"></span>
Don: Gilmore 892

and night at the Rocky Point ranch when Keller
Christensen, my nephew, was about as sick as
anyone could get. He had eaten too many green
apples, His brother Cloyd and I had helped him -
but somehow we escaped, Before my ninth year
was over my father became so ill and died, His
death was a severe loss to the family, one that I
did not fully appreciate until much later. Ihardly
got to know him except through others,

"Sometime after Father's death we moved
from the Rocky Point home to Fayette, Utah, a
distance of about six miles from Gunnison. We
lived with my Uncle Henry Bartholomew, who
was a widower with young children, The school
house in Fayette had only two rooms and Blaine
Anderson of Mayfield was the principal and teacher
of the upper grades. I started out there in seventh
grade, but somehow convinced Mr, Anderson that
I was as smart as his eighth graders so ended up
graduating with them. It was quite a surprise to
my old classmates in Gunnison to find me a year
ahead of them when I started to attend Gunnison
Valley High School. The years at high school were
interspersed with summers working on the farm
and an occasional trip to the mountains, mostly up
Twelve Mile to the sheep camp or to get out logs
or hunt deer. I rather liked the summers more
than the school time of year, in spite of the heavy
work, Ithink I might have become a farmer if I
hadn't had so much trouble with hayfever. I
graduated from Gunnison High School in 1934.

"Then it was on to Brigham Young University.
I remember meeting Cousin Phil Christensen there
and being initiated into a club of which he was a
member (Vikings), Undoubtedly Iwas very much
of a hayseed but Phil was very kind and considerate,
It was in Freshman English class that I first met
Freda. We were both assigned to Miss Black's
class, which was on the hill, Freda's preceding
class was on lower campus and she was always
late for English, Miss Black, who was otherwise
very strict, let her get by with this. Much later
when I teased Freda about this her reply was, ‘Well
you'd never have noticed me if I hadn't come in late’,
We did some dating during the next three years, but
<span id="page-??"></span>
893 Don Gilmore

nothing too serious, Then I was called to serve in
the East German Mission and she became a most
faithful correspondent during the next two-and-a-
half years,

"By the time I was released, in Independence,
Missouri, Freda had graduated from the 'Y' as
valedictorian of her class, received a Masters
degree in Chemistry from the University of Chicago,
and was working in the Mayo Clinic in Rochester,
Minnesota. Upon my release I made my way in
that direction, She was expecting me but somehow
we got our signals crossed and she didn't meet me
at the station as anticipated. Iwas very dis-
appointed and was not at all sure but that I had
read into her correspondence more than she had
intended. However, having made the trip and
having the address of the apartment where she
and her girl friend were staying, I decided to
look her up anyway. Upon arriving at the apart-
ment all my doubts and misgivings were allayed,

I found her intears, She had missed me at the
station and was sure that I had continued on my.
way home and that she wouldn't get to see me,
The recollection of that reception from Freda,
who is not a particularly demonstrative person,
led to our engagement, which occurred later in
Provo,

"But I still had another year of school at the
BYU before graduation, which I completed with a
teaching credential and a major in German, I
went to summer school the following summer and
took French, along with other subjects, with the
intention of going into foreign languages. In the
meantime Freda had accepted my proposal of
marriage and we set the date,

"Freda came to our home in Fayette shortly
before our marriage. To a large extent we were
strangers, for except for our correspondence we
had enjoyed little contact since our school days
together some four years before. I was married
3 Sep. 1941 in the Manti Temple to Freda Seraphine
Decker (b. 14 Dec. 1916 in Snowflake, Arizona to
Louis Addison and Achsah Mae Hatch Decker), At
the same time and place Uncle Henry Bartholomew
married, as his second wife, Freda's older sister,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Don Gilmore 894

Catherine. A few days later Freda and I left for
California with the intention of me completing
some graduate work in German at Stanford Uni-
versity. This Icommenced, I had a scholarship
to that university which helped with my tuition and
Freda went to work for the chemistry department
at the university to pay our living expenses,

‘But then came Pearl Harbor and I soon
enlisted and received a commission as an Ensign
in the U.S, Navy Reserve. My first assignment
was at the Naval Air Base at Alameda, Calif, We
lived in Oakland and I commuted on the bus. -It .
was while I was stationed here:that our first child,
Peter, was born. It was while here also that my
path crossed that of Cousin Sherman Christensen,
who at the time was stationed at Hollister, Calif.

"T was transfered to Eagle Mountain Lake,
Texas and later to Traverse City, Michigan, in
connection with experimental remote control
devises under the air arm of the Navy. Iwas
assigned as Operations Officer for an air squadron.
My next orders were for Hawaii and so I took Freda
and Peter to her folks in Snowflake, Arizona and
left them there while I continued on with my squad-
ron to Barber's Point, some fifteen miles out of
Honolulu, It was while Freda was awaiting my
return from overseas that our second son, Don
Joseph, .was born, I stayed in the Honolulu area
until the war was ended and:then was in due time
rotated home. It was a happy homecoming.

When we returned to the area of Palo Alto
in hopes of my ‘starting. school there again, we ,
found no housing available at our limited means.
although we searched up and down the Bay for ~
considerable distance. We finally decided to try
the. University of California at Berkeley. and were
successful:in finding. housing’. in a housing, develop-
ment with a lot.of other young, marrieds,. within
two or three miles of the campus, I soon learned,
however, that there was no course in language
which I needed beginning at that time:of year at.
Berkeley. But there:was a course in ‘law at
Hastings College of Law-in San Francisco starting
then;'so,. more by happenstance than design, I
enrolled at Hastings. College and commuted the
<span id="page-??"></span>
895 Don Gilmore

first year across Oakland Bay Bridge to San Fran-
cisco, At the end of the first year there I was able
to transfer to Boalt Hall at the University of Cali-
fornia at Berkeley, where I received my LLB
degree on 17 June 1948,

"During this last school period we had put
the boys in nursery school and Freda went to work
for the Radiation Laboratory onthe Berkeley cam-
pus. Her earnings, together with the benefits
received under the GI Bill, enabled us to get by
quite well. But there was still the bar examination,
This I took early next fall and was successful in
passing. Incidently, I also took and passed the
Utah Bar examination that year but decided not to
return to Utah.

"Upon passing the Bar we learned of an open-
ing in the office of John T, Fuller, a practicing
attorney in Porterville, Calif. I accepted his offer

and went into his employ, which later developed
into a partnership that continued until Mr.. Fuller's
death in March 1965, In the meantime another
young attorney, George S. Kralowee Jr., who
passed the Bar two years after myself, joined the
firm. We are partners and enjoy a very happy
association, Our new offices at 472 West Putman
in Porterville, when we opened in January 1966,
have room for four attorneys, but neither George
or I desire to take in additional partners at this
time. Neither of my two older sons plan on joining
the legal fraternity. Of the three boys born to us
here in Porterville, Robert, Richard and James
Allen, two have expressed a desire to join me in
the practice of law. However, they are still young
and may change their minds. -Ihaven't been as
fortunate in this respect as Uncle Albert was.
Our one and only girl, Glena, is a very sharp little
student and has pleased her Dad by stating that she
would join me at the office. 1 replied that she
might make a good secretary - but she too is. still
young. Over the years we have built a good prac-
tice and I am hoping that some of the children will
join me, though I do not intend to do much 'arm
twisting’ on the matter,

''When we came to Porterville in 1949 there
was a small branch of the LDS church here, which
<span id="page-??"></span>
Don Gilmore 896

was an important factor in persuading us to make
this our home, The church population has grown
steadily and in 1951 we became a Ward in the
Bakersfield Stake, Iwas sustained as its first
Bishop and served six-and-a-half years. Upon
my release I was appointed to the Bakersfield
Stake High Council under President E, Alan Pettit
and have served in this capacity to the present.
However, my first love is the Porterville Ward
and the members here, I have aiso served as
president of the Tulare County Bar Association,

"Tam six feet two inches tall, with blue eyes
and quite grey hair at this writing. I'm sorry to
admit that I'm somewhat overweight at two hundred
and twenty pounds and the weight tends to be pro-
portioned toward the middle. Apart from a
persisting hay fever I have enjoyed exceptionally
good health, Right now my favorite hobby is golf,
which I took up some years after coming to Porter-
ville. George and I and a couple of buddies usually
make it to the golf course each Saturday, amid
much discussion as to who's going to get how
many 'strokes' spotted to him,"

Descendants of Don Gilmore Christensen and
Freda Seraphine Decker - the last four born in
Porterville,’ Calif:

(A)- Peter Louis Christensen born 6 May 1943,
Mare Island, Calif.

(B) Don Joseph Christensen born 22 Sep. 1944,
Snowflake, Arizona; md, 22 Mar. 1966 in Los
Angeles, Calif, (Temple) Karen Lucile Carlson
(b. 4 Aug. 1944 in Great Falls, Montana to
‘Lenard Anton and Lela Evelyn BJur Carlson).
Children:

I Juleen Christensen b, 25 Dec, 1966, Provo,
Utah . .
II, Bryan Carl Christensen b, 18 Feb, 1968,
' Provo.

(C) Robert Decker Christensen born 27 May 1950
(D) Richard Lynn Christensen born 30 Oct, 1952
(E) Glena Joy Christensen born 19 Apr. 1954

(F) James Allen Christensen born 8 Oct. 1955.
<span id="page-??"></span>
897 Charlotte Rose