(47) Ella May Bartholomew (5) who later
changed the spelling of her given name to Ellamae,
sent in a chronology of her early life:-- 'May 10th
1912 - born at Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah; Sep. Ist
l912 - Christened by Bishop James Rasmussen;
Mar. 27, 1916 - moved to a ranch near Lyman,
Wyoming; Sep. 1918 - moved to Ogden, Utah;
fall of 1919 - moved back to Lyman; Mar. 1920 -
moved to Goshen, Utah; 19 June 1920 - baptized
and confirmed a member of the LDS church by
Robert Finch; 1921 - sang first solo in church,

'I want to Kiss Mama Goodnight'; 1924 - began
piano lessons and took about six from Miss Flamm
and played my first piano selection in church,
called 'In the Poof of Tears'; 1924/25 - was presi-
dent of seventh grade; May 1924 = crowned 'Queen
of May' on May Day; Dec. 1925 - appointed Primary
teacher for first grade; 1926 - made Primary
organist; 1926/27 - was president of ninth grade,
gave welcome address for Commencement and
scored for Valedictorian; June 1927 - I picked
strawberries at Uncle Albert's on Provo Bench;
Oct, 1928 - picked apples for Scotts at Elberta;
Mar. 1929 - while attending High School at Payson
i won first place at the District typing contest in
Springville; May 1929 - won two ribbons at the
school track meet in Spanish Fork; summer 1929 -
had fun practicing our mandolins with my girl
friends; July 1929 - danced the Highland Fling with
Kay and Beth at Perry Show Hall; early spring 1930 -
I had the mumps; May 1930 - Iwona ribbon at the
school track meet in Provo for accuracy throw;
<span id="page-??"></span>
875 Ella May

also May 1930 - Iwon the Curtis medal playing
'Valse Caprice! and though mother and Edith tried
to get me to play the piano by note, I played by ear;
June 1930 - took the leading part in the play 'The
High Heart' and graduated from Payson High School
having won two certificates in shorthand, tenpins
and an Eversharp pencil while attending there.
1928-30 - I served as Sunday School Secretary in
our Ward in Payson; 1 Sep, 1930 - I started school
at Henager Business College in Salt Lake City and
stayed with the Harold Whites in the Fairmont
apartments, working for my board and room,

May 1931 - I began working for a Mrs, Ralls in
the Tourist Bureau of the Chamber of Commerce
in Salt Lake and lived at the Emery apartments;
June 1931 - I climbed Mt. Timpanogos with Albert
Hudson; | July 1931 - I began working for Terry
Ryan who was establishing a Writers' Bureau, and
I lived at a Mrs. Caines; 1 to 15 Aug. 1931 - I did
some vacation relief work at National Theatre ©
Supply Co." . .

Ellamae also writes other details of her life:-
"While we lived in Goshen my brother A, Owen
married 'Pate', who has always been like a sister
tome, Aunt Vena and cousin Pearl also moved
there. I remember Grandma Christensen visiting
us and making a braided rug for Mother. I rode
by bus to high school in Payson where I graduated
in May 1930. That fall Ienrolled at Henager Busi-
ness College in Salt Lake City and attended nine
months, While there I was typist for a school
paper, 'The Dynamo', and won three awards, one
in penmanship and two in shorthand, I also headed
the typing list with 97 words a minute and three
errors,

"While at home in Payson next winter,
1931/32, Byron and I went to Nephi to learn the
MIA contest dance, a tango, Ialso started violin
lessons with Tresia Krauss but only took a few,

I took part in the MIA road show and was in the
MIA ladies! chorus contest, Iwas hired to take

in shorthand and transcribe the funeral services
of John Perkins, Onthe 8 Mar, 1932, I returned
to Salt Lake City to work in the office at Henager's
and to continue business school,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ella May 876

"My first full time job ($40.00 a month) was
with Utah-California Motor Lines in Salt Lake,
where I met my future husband, Harold Dorcheus
Krantz (b. 1 Feb. 1910 in Culdesac, Idaho (near
Ashton) to William Charles and Ellen Louise
Dorcheus Krantz), I called him 'Pat' and he was
tall, dark and handsome, At the time I lived with
Aunt Sarah Christensen, my father's sister, and
she was like a second mother to me, During this
time Cousin Lucile and I became good pals. We
gave each other nicknames, I called her 'Sally' -
she called me 'Jerry'. Hers didn't stick but I've
been Jerry ever since,

"T worked for two years, then Pat and I were
married at my parents' home in Payson, by Bishop
Cheever, 16 Dec, 1933. We lived in Salt Lake for
our first two years, during which time our first son,
Bill, was born, Looking at him for the first time
I felt that we had performed a miracle. He was an
exceptionally good baby and I spent most of my
time playing with him, since Pat was driving inter-
state so wasn't home very much, I wrote him a
letter each time he left home so he would get it
when he arrived at his destination,

"Phen we moved to Maywood, California,
where Pat started working for an oil company,
Our son Mike was born in Bell, California. We
enjoyed our nine years in California and saw many
interesting places, It was like a dream seeing the
ocean for the first time; the boys loved to play on
the beach. While we were there, Edith, Heber
and family moved down to California, and also
Cliff and Rhea.

"To me, owning a home has always meant
security so I started working at Consolidated Steel
in Maywood to help get a down payment for one.

We bought a home in Whittier, Calif., in an orange
grove, I shall never forget the smell of orange
blossoms and night-blooming jasmine, nor the
plaintive song of the nightingale. Then came the
shock of Pearl Harbor and the blackouts. It was
especially tense on the coast. Consolidated Steel
built tank lighters, anti-aircraft guns and Liberty
ships, (We saw one of these launched). We decided
to sell our home and move back to Utah or Idaho.
<span id="page-??"></span>
877 Ella May

So in the spring of 1943 we bought a home in
Idaho Falls,

"It seemed wonderful to see the streets
lighted again - I felt so good I wanted to run
instead of walk, We found the people so friendly
and interested, The boys and I became active in
the Fifth Ward, Itaught Primary and was secre-
tary in the Relief Society. I also served as Stake
Secretary for the Relief Society, Pat joined in the
socials and dances. Then we bought a small farm
and moved six miles out of town. Pat and I were
both inexperienced but worked hard fixing up the
house and getting livestock and machinery. The
house was modern only to the extent that it had
water piped in. Later we found out that the well
went dry every spring for three months. We
painted, papered, built new cupboards and installed
hot water, Pat was working as a car salesman and
I decided to go to work to help with the finances.
We had a big garden so there was plenty of canning
to do, We had cows, pigs, chickens, rabbits, and
raised hay, grain and potatoes. We studied all the
government bulletins on farming. I could write a
book on our experiences on that farm.

"The boys had a mare and colt. They rode
the school bus to school and were active in all kinds
of sports and in music. Bill played the violin and
Mike sang and played the piano. Many times in
the winter the roads would be closed from drifting
snow, We made a comfortable home the nine years
we lived on the farm and have many happy mem- |
ories - the boys loved it!

"We had an outstanding Bishop in the Taylor
Ward, Wesley Roberts, who had a wonderful
influence on our boys, I'm sure it was his teach-
ings and inspiration that gave them the desire to
go on missions, We have always been proud of our
boys and wonder sometimes how we could have been
so lucky. They both filled missions, Bill in Mexico
and Mike in the New Engiand States, They both
graduated from college, Bill from the University
of Idaho in Forestry and Mike from the BYU in
Business Administration, They both had temple
marriages, Bill married Helen Sessions in the
Idaho Falls Temple and Mike married Judith Ann
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ella May 878

Eastwood, whom he met at BYU, inthe Los
Angeles Temple, As I write this history and
reflect on my life up to the present Iam amazed
how time flies. It seems only yesterday our boys
were small. Ilook at them now with their little
families and think - 'there we were a few years
ago'.

"After the boys left home we sold the farm
and moved back to town.. My husband works as a
driver-salesman for Challenge Creamery. I have
been working for the past some twenty years as
legal secretary for the firm Holden, Holden &
Kidwell. Ihave blue eyes, light brown hair, am
five feet four inches tall and weigh 120-125 lbs.,
which doesn't vary much. Ilove being home, like
housework, and am happy inthe kitchen, I get
compliments on my cooking. I've always tried to
create a homey atmosphere so my family will love
coming home and will remember it with pleasure.

"T love to read and listen to sweet music -
but also like activities such as dancing, hiking,
swimming and bicycle riding, I can completely
lose myself in gardening and it is pure joy for me
to be out in the hills fishing in a lively stream or
beautiful Lake Palisades, I love simple things like
the coziness of a fireside, the smell of clothes just
taken from the line, or of freshly baked bread. I
love the smell of willows on the river, lilacs in
bloom, and blue sky with billowy clouds, I espec-
ially like being grandma and shopping for the
grandchildren.

"I love to take trips and see new country.
When the boys were young we took them on a
camping trip to Glacier National Park. After we
got our trailer we took Bill and Helen to Priest
Lake in northern Idaho and Mike and Judy through
Yellowstone Park. Pat and I have traveled through
all the western states, including a ferryboat ride
through the San Juan Islands to Victoria, and to
Mexico when Bill was released from his mission.
A Christmas or two ago we flew to Moscow, Idaho,
to be with Mike and his family and later we flew
back to Maryland to see Bill and his.

'Now here we are still in Idaho Falis, where
<span id="page-??"></span>
879 Ella May

we own a nice home, a car, truck and-house trailer
parked on the river in Swan Valley where we spend
weekends all summer. My husband shares his
great love of the outdoors with me. We fish, hike,
pick chokecherries and huckleberries, read or just
relax and enjoy the sound of the river. In the
winters we enjoy our cozy fireside and try to
accomplish special projects. We finished a hooked
rug last year and have an afghan to crochet now.
Pat keeps the house repaired and painted. There
are many things I would like to do. I would like to
learn to play the piano well and to sew my own
clothes. I've always thought I would like nursing -
perhaps when I retire I'll do hospital work, Per-
haps someday also Pat and I can give our boys
their dearest wish and go through the temple."

Descendants of Ellamae Bartholomew and
Harold Dorcheus Krantz:-

(A) William Charles Krantz born 29 July 1934 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md, 23 Aug. 1957 in
Idaho Falls, Idaho, Helen Genevieve Sessions
(b, 21 Oct, 1934 in Idaho Falls to Owen E, and
Norma Wheeler Sessions), Children:

I, Kathryn Krantz b, 29. May 1959 in Moscow,
Idaho :

II, Susan Krantz b. 10 Feb. 1962 in Susanville,
Calif, oe

Ill, Cynthia Kay Krantz b. 29 Dec. 1962 in
Placerville, Calif,

(B) Michael Bartholomew Krantz born 28 Oct. 1936
in Bell, Calif.; md. 11 June 1960:in Los
Angeles, Calif., Judith Ann Eastwood (b, 18
Oct. 1940 in Long Beach, Calif. to Fred and
Dorothy Ann Sutton Eastwood). Children:

I. David Michael Krantz b. 23 Apr. 1961,
Provo, Ut.

II, Mark Alan Krantz b, 27 Apr. 1963,
Pasadena, Calif.

li], Karen Ann Krantz b, 19 Sep. 1964,
Twin Falls, Idaho, .
<span id="page-??"></span>
Alice Fern 880
