(16) Ellen Elaine Christensen (4) writes her
own story and begins with the question, 'What am

I?'' Then she answers it as follows:--

"I'm a contradiction and a conflict both within
and without: Without, because I often feel lithe,
beautiful, free and graceful; but on passing a
mirror or on seeing my silhouetted shadow before
me, Lam well aware of the contradiction. Inside,
because I want to be good, kind, noble and great
but am beset by the willful, stubborn drives of a
true daughter of Ephraim, So many of the faults
I dislike in others, I possess; so external, internal
and eternal conflicts war. However, I have always
had great patterns to copy and am a ready repenter,
hoping for the years to mellow and perfect me; and
perhaps they will - not in and of themselves but
because of the influence of friends, family, church,
<span id="page-??"></span>
729 Ellen Elaine
and God who hears and answers my prayers,

"I know that, looking back on one's youth,
memory makes childhood a constant summer. I
have heard no tale of unusual happenings when I
was born, 12 Oct. 1902 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah,
except that Aunt Retta was furious with Father
because I came along, a ten pound tub of a baby,
to ‘little Jennie' her sister, when my sister Vir-
ginia was but thirteen months and six days old.
Our first home was on 155 North 2nd West. I
remember the house as a two-story white brick
structure set back from a black iron fence, a
space of lawn parted by a gravel path which led
to a front porch and then on around the south side
of the house to a kitchen entrance and farther on
to a large back lot with garden plot, woodpile,
outhouse and a corral, .

"Inside the house on the ground floor were a
parlor (seldom used in winters) one bedroom,
kitchen, pantry, non-plumbed bathroom, and
dining room, the latter being the family gathering
place, Here and in the kitchen were coal stoves
which furnished the only heat. I remember white
starched lace curtains at the dining room windows,
a square table, chairs, a couch bed, and the pot-
bellied stove behind which we children played house.
The old range in the kitchen was also a gathering
place, in the warmth of whose open oven door we
took our baths in a galvanized tin tub before donning

either our nightgowns or our long-legged fleece-
lined cotton union suits and long black stockings,
bloomers, flannel petticoats and starched dresses,
I remember the hum of the kettle and its steam
coating the windows which steam turned to crystal
frost before morning. We had to scratch it away
with our fingernails before we could peer out,

"There was one partially finished bedroom
upstairs, used only in summers, which we
reached by climbing up steep wooden steps, past
naked spaces of beams, braces, brick chimney
and sloping, dusty eaves of the attic - a scary
place of creaking sounds, lurking spiders and
bats - yet a place of wonders because here through
the small and only window I was lifted up to see
Haley's Comet and shivered for the end of the world.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 730

"One of our special amusements was a chair-
Swing in which we played 'train', Although the little
boys were rough and pushed it to its limit, the
swing lasted for years. Once, for some unknown
reason, I built a fire under this swing; but when I
heard mother phoning the police (with her finger on
the receiver) my repentance was swift and tearful.
One of our greatest (yet most horrifying) sports
was to be chased by the little boys with daddy-long-
legs which always seemed to be plentiful. The
dread of these kinds of insects has lasted me
throughout life.

"It was here at this old house that I learned
that if you hid raw eggs too long before Easter
they didn't smell very good, Starting two or three
weeks before Easter, our entire family engaged,
separately, in hunting, gathering and hiding eggs
under an-old tub, in the woodpile, ditch, goose-
berry bushes, etc, If we found someone else's
cache it became ours, The one to bring in the _
most eggs at coloring time got.a prize - it was as.
exciting as hiding Christmas presents. We didn't
know about the 'Easter Bunny! then, I remember:
catching toads and getting warts (disproved now);

I remember the entire family being mustered =:
together with dishtowels and papers to shoo flies
out of the screen doors; I can still smell the glue
on the fly paper which hung from ceilings and
doors, where black, shiny wings buzzed and spindle
legs tugged to get free; I hear again the seething,
droning mass of fly bodies in the wire catcher out-
side. I recall throwing Virginia's shoe out in the.
rain and being sent to get it... Just as I stooped to .
retrieve it, lightning forked and thunder broke and
I fell flat in a puddle of mud. The resultant fear

of electric storms lasted until I pretended calmness
for the sake of my own children,

"Other happenings creep along the edge of
memory as I write - the day the house caught fire,
starting and ending in the attic; the old stove-heated
flat iron scorching the window sill where someone
had set it to cool; the rocks heated and wrapped in
paper to warm our icy beds in winter; the making
of paper flowers for Decoration Day (mother
prefered wild flowers from the hills); the sweet
<span id="page-??"></span>
731 Ellen Elaine

gravy-taste of lumpydick; the pinpoint, dark eyes
of our baby tender who chanted, 'Hark, hark! The
dogs do bark; the beggars are coming to town....'
to bring us into meek submission; the dancing of
a row of paper dolls made from folded newspapers.

"T enjoyed a great feeling of love, security
and family solidarity in that old home, so it was
with a deep sense of loss that I left it to move with
the family to Mabey's house across the road west
from the school until our new home on Depot Street
was finished. It was here in the summer of 1910
that I contracted a mild case of scarlet fever and
was quarantined, along with mother, in Grandpa
and Aunt Lydia's stuffy parlor with its upholstered
furniture, gilt framed pictures, stiff lace curtains
and marble fireplace. I was happy when I was
transfered to the sitting room where the organ
was. I played school with marbles as pupils and
empty thread spools as desks, while mother wrote.
Sometimes, if I would lie still on the bed, she'd.”
sing in her sweet contralto voice a sad song about
an Indian maiden, which I shall always love ayopak
'Fallen Leaf' : igor

‘In October of 1910 we moved into our new
house via a long stepladder through the upstairs”
Blue Room window, since our lovely stairway was
being varnished. I longed for the old home one-=. :
half block away but I soon found even greater _.
happiness here with inside plumbing, clinking .
radiators, and a fireplace around which the ©
family gathered while Daddy peeled apples and
mother read stories to us. The church had no ~
need to institute.'Home Evenings' for us.then as ..
‘ours were constant, complete, and. gratefully now,
remembered,

"There was always so much to ‘do. atoutia our
new place in summers. Our big garden was. fun'-*
to.play Pioneer in; our barn made good jumping ~ “
from the loft into the hay; the long, knotted rope -
hanging from the’ apricot tree back of the house’ “'
was sheer joy to swing on. For playing Statue,
Prisoner's Base, and Steal-Sticks, our big west |
lawn couldn't be beat, or to lie on to watch cloud-
pictures in the sky, The shade of the weeping
willow tree was wonderful to sit in while mother

<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 732

read to us on summer afternoons, During many
dusk-drawn evenings our family took supper to the
fields, ran races through the clover, waded bare-
foot in the streams and gathered pretty pebbles
from the riverbed; or while listening to the sighing
winds and twittering birds in the cottonwood trees,
watch the day slowly die in the west,

"During other evenings the children of the
neighborhood met under the street light on the
corner to play Kick-the-Can or Run-Sheep-Run.,
There were other fun things I remember, like
dressing up cats and playing house with them;
playing postoffice using loose rocks in Horning's
old rock wall to put our letters under; making
honey and taffy candy; taking trips to Temple Hill
and Devils Ribs; having corn roasts at the Green
canal; swimming in the muddy, carpy Sanpitch
River; watching the 'pig-man' kill pigs through a
knothole in Alder's back fence; waiting for Mr.
Harmon's train-hack so we could jump on back and
take a ride, and playing show in Felt's barn. I
don't remember the name of those shows but I do
remember some of the lines - 'Zeek, Zeek, long-
legged Zeek. Your head is all right but you've got
such big feet'.

"T] remember special celebrations - the
Fourth of July. On the eve of the Third we laid out
our embroidered dresses, ribbon sashes, new
shoes, stockings and petticoats - all ready for the
morning salute of the guns to be up and about the
fun of the day. The band, transported on a hay-
rack, serenaded the town dignitaries and always
included our place, Then came the parade which
ended in front of the Tabernacle where the patriotic
meeting followed. The place was draped with
bunting and everybody crowded into hear, year
after year, the singing of 'The Flag Without a
Stain' and the dramatic reading of 'Ring, Grandpa,
Ring; O Ring for Liberty !' My heart swelled with
a great love for my country - would that I could
recapture more often the depths of that feeling
now! The fear of lighted firecrackers being
thrown under our feet has almost been forgotten
in the remembrance of the joy of those celebrations.
The matinee dance at Felt's Opera House (in later
<span id="page-??"></span>
733 Ellen Elaine

years at the Armory) and fireworks at our place
afterwards completed the long, satisfying day.
The Twenty-Fourth always seemed quite anti-
Climatic, except that I associated it with Chris-
‘tensen family reunions held on Grandfather
Christensen's birthday, July twenty-second and
often extending to the Twenty-Fourth.

"I don't remember too much emphasis being
placed on our church going although we were
encouraged to attend Sunday School. I don't
remember our parents going with us but they must
have gone to church in the afternoons, My bap-
tism into the church, which took place 5 Sep, 1911
in the Manti Temple, came after almost a year of
procrastination, Quince Crawford baptized me at
that time and Niels Anderson-confirmed me. I
recall going to Mutual occasionally on Sunday
evenings and that Virginia and I sang in the Ward
choir when we were quite young, Perhaps I was
the one who didn't go to church much, but I had
the same childlike faith in my Heavenly Father
that I did in Santa Claus and my earthly father. I
was ‘somewhat in awe of the first.two but I wanted
to do the things that would please each, I knew
that each had unquestioned powers to grant the
desires of people who believed, Through the years,
I think I can count the times on the fingers of one’
hand that I haven't knelt in nightly petition. =The- .
last words we heard after kissing our parents.
'goodnight' were, "Good night - hope you sleep ©
well - don't forget to say your prayers." Hell:
was a very real and burning place to mg with all
the everlasting tortures of old world beliefs, but ~
Thad faith that prayer would keep me out of it. .

"When mother was so ill and I héard doubts’
of her living, I went about my days smugly, know-’
ing that I had prayed with all my heart that God. _
would heal her and Iwas sure he would, as he
answered the prayers of faithful children. When
I heard the news of her death, I felt lost and
cheated and began to question a Father who pro-
mised one thing and gave another, I was in Heber
City at the time, staying at Aunt Retta's home. I
can still feel against my bare legs the rough boards
of the box in the chicken coop where I sat most of
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 734

the day, grieving over my lost mother and my lost
faith. Sometime before that I had learned about
Santa, too. I was sure mother knew my feelings
as she seemed so close to me after she'd gone.

"Many times, remembering mother, I'd cry.
Perhaps, besides missing her, I recalled the times
I'd stood on the rockers when she was trying to
rock the baby and wouldn't move at her first gentle
request; or when she'd asked a favor I'd been
stubborn about it and she'd tell me that I'd be sorry
some day and I'd say I didn't care. She'd look at
me thoughtfully and say, 'Well, little daughter,
when I'm no longer here then you'll care.' I
hadn't talked things over with mother like Virginia
had, but after she'd gone I told her through my
tears of my secret longings and my love for her.
Since then I've always felt her nearness and close-
ness and she's been to me an ever-present buffer
between my rebellious nature and temptation.

"Perhaps I could have been taught by my
parents to work harder and to more purpose but
they seemed to want us children to be carefree
and happy, and we were, Dad was a lawyer, County
Attorney, and finally Judge of the Seventh Judicial
District. We were comfortably situated in one of
the nicest homes in town, had one of the first
Buicks, and owned farms, sheep, cattle and
horses, In 191 Virginia and I went with our
parents to the Worlds Fair at San Francisco,
Calif. and the overflow of it at San Diego, Calif,
A few days ago, when I saw a news reel on T. V.
describing the renovation of some of the buildings
of that Fair, I recognized some of them and began
to recall some of my experiences at the Fair. I
remembered my insistence on wearing my new
Girl Scout uniform the entire trip; the little
electric one-seated carts guided by a hand bar
that we used for transportation at the Fair; the
flocks of pigeons that flew around and above us
dangerously; the lighthouse we visited and the
baby crab I picked up on the beach and hid in
Dad's suitcase, much to the consternation of the
hotel manager a few days later when he was
called in to investigate the sickening odor of decay
that emanated from the closet in our room. He
<span id="page-??"></span>
735 Ellen Elaine

found the cause and Dad found the culprit - ugh
and ouch!

"T have always liked school from the time I
entered kindergarten at the age of almost six years,
My first teacher was Miss Cox, who was keeping
company at the time with my Uncle Joseph Snow,
When he dropped in sometimes to visit, I loved to
sit on his lap to impress my teacher and school-
mates. My favorite teachers in the upper grades
were Emery G. Epperson, Andrew Judd, Elmer
Peterson and of course, Ellis Johnson who did so.
much to stimulate my love of fine music.

''My high school training was a bit sketchy.
I attended one year at Manti High and one year and
two quarters at the B. Y. High in Provo, Utah,
where Virginia and I boarded with Mr, & Mrs.
Oscar Hyde. After a six weeks summer school at
the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, where I
boarded with Aunt Retta Neff, I entered as a fresh-
man at B, Y.U. in Provo, In the spring of 1925,
after one years teaching at Manti High and Junior
High schools in between, I graduated from B.Y.U,
with high honors. The following summer I went
with B, Y. U. coach Eugene Roberts, Chick Hart,
Wilma Jeppson and Mildred Lewis to the Univer-
sity at Madison, Wisconsin, where I took speech
and physical education preparatory to teaching in
the Lehi High School in Utah County. I have taken
summer school classes, extension and corres-
pondence classes numerous times since then, until
I now have the equivalent of a Masters Degree,

"My teaching experience has beena very
satisfying one to me, Aside from the year 1923/24
when I taught music, reading and drama in the
Manti Junior and Senior High Schools, I taught in
Lehi from 1925-1937, teaching speech, U. S.
History and Physical Education in the High School,
From 1937 to 1949 I taught music, physical educa-
tion and English in the Junior High School at Cedar
City, Utah, where my husband, Edward Webb
Southwick, had moved to work as Office Manager
for Bradshaw Chevrolet Company. In 1955 1 joined
the C. S. U. faculty in Cedar City as teacher of
basic communications. My duties and time
increased until Iwas soon teaching three-fourths
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 736

time and acting as girls activity counselor. In
1961 I became an assistant professor and added
the duties of Dean of Women to my load, I
terminated my teaching at C. S. U. the spring

of 1963 except for a summer class each year in
children's literature and an occasional night class,
This year 1968/69, however, Ihave been teaching
again full time at the College but haven't decided
whether to continue longer or not, Ted and I have
recently moved into a lovely new home and I should
like to be able to enjoy it.

"Regardless of my teaching I have been quite
active in church. IJ taught Primary in the Manti
Center Ward the year 1923/24; in the Salt Lake
Eighteenth Ward 1934-1936, where I was also
teacher trainer; had charge of drama one year
each in the Twentieth and Belvedere Wards, I
served in the MIA presidency in the Eighteenth
Ward and taught the Social Science lessons in the
Belvedere Ward between the years 1933-1936. In
Cedar City I taught the Silver and Golden Gleaners
in the College or Eighth Wards; was on the MIA
Stake Board for several years before Cedar Stake
was divided from Parawan Stake and was on the
Relief Society Stake Board for about five years,

I led the Singing Mothers for many years and
helped to produce two Stake pageants. I served
as Literary leader for four or five years as well
as being director of the Singing Mothers, Iwas
on the Genealogical Society Stake Board of Cedar
West Stake for two years, first secretary of the .
Cedar City Genealogical and Historical Society,
taught a class in home records in Sunday School,
did research for hundreds of names on our Mathis
and Southwick lines, as well as doing the temple
work for about two hundred of these kindred dead
over the last years, Iwasa 100% Relief Society
Visiting Teacher for five years. Iam grateful
for these church opportunities for I know that it is
through activity that one's testimony grows,

'My music career has been a hit and miss
affair, Mother always sang at her work and taught
Virginia and me to sing and love music. She and
Father showed great interest in the cultural affairs
of the community. When I was about eleven years
<span id="page-??"></span>
737 Ellen Elaine

old Father bought a lovely Baldwin piano, which
my son Richard has now, Until marriage separated
us, Virginia and I played and sang duets and put on
numerous skits for programs. Ihad to be prodded
to keep at my piano practicing, but did manage to
play in several recitals. The first I remember
was when I played 'Scarf Dance'; Virginia played

a violin solo. The last was on Aug. 25, 1918 when
I played 'Rustle of Spring'. I could play for hours
to amuse myself, entertain others and accompany
some, In 1935 I went on Fred Graham's Lyceum
‘Bureau program tour as a reader and as an accom-
panist for Lowell Hicks, Marimbaphonist,

"Singing was more to my liking. Florence
Jepperson Madsen gave Virginia and me private
lessons for several years while we were at school
in Provo. She offered us many opportunities in
choruses, operas, duets and solos. Years later
I took from Richard Condie when I joined the Salt
Lake Tabernacle Choir as alto No. 29. While
teaching music in Cedar Junior and Senior High,

I wrote and directed my own opera, I have always
been a member of some musical group and for
several years sang the contralto solos in Handel's
Messiah, both in Cedar City at Christmas time and
in Zion's Park Easter pageants, Ihave had three
songs published; one, 'The Lions Roar' has been
the official Cedar City Lion's Club song since
about 1940, Many unpublished ones are gathering
dust in my piano bench.

"Drama! Ah, there was my heart. Secluded
in the Blue Room in Manti when I was young, I
could be anyone I wanted to be, as my mirror
could testify since I emoted in front of it through
many dramatic experiences. Itook part in most
of the plays and operettas in public school. In
Sixth Grade, how I loved 'A Dream of Fairyland’.
I would have liked to be dressed in tinsel and
gauze as Virginia and the rest of the good fairies
were, but I was better suited as a leader of the
bad elfin band, trying to coax two little children
to go astray.

"In college I took leads in quite a few
productions: Priscilla, Great Divide, Old Lady 31,
The Country Boy, The Gondaliers, and others. I
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 738

was a charter member of Mask Club and Theta
Alpha Phi at Provo, I coached two college plays,
also one opera, and assisted with the coaching of
Sazy for the Provo Stake Relief Society, which we
repeated later in the old Salt Lake Theatre, I
played one of the leads in a Salt Lake Stake play
presented at the Ralph Cloniger Theatre, Iwas
also the lead in two MIA contest plays which won
the church finals: Tombs and In Secret Places,
where I played opposite Gordon Owen, In Cedar
City Ihave played leads in Anastasia, Women Have
Dominion, The Glass Managerie, Arsenic and Old
Lace, and [Remember Mama, which we repeated
fourteen times, I have given many play readings
and solo poetry recitals. There have been so many
opportunities for me and until the last few years
I've had great difficulty saying 'no',

"Each year, besides my assigned duties, I
try to take a group of ladies and teach them how
to read and enjoy poetry, or I teach a class in
poetry writing. I have many other delightful
hobbies besides those already mentioned - tatting,
knitting, quilting, oil painting, golfing, writing
poetry, talking, playing Five Hundred, Sluff and
Bridge, and traveling. Our family has been from
coast to coast and border to border and to Canada
and Mexico, Besides exploring the scenic wonders
of our own country, my husband and I have each
been to Europe twice and to Hawaii.

"Since Ted and I were married in the Salt.
Lake Temple in 1927 (May 25) by David O, McKay,
we have had a hill and valley life together - varied
enough to remain interesting and satisfying. As it
is in any geological time, the parks and mountains
flatten out and form peaceful valleys - so it is with
our marriage. We have four wonderful children
and fifteen remarkable grandchildren, My patri-
archal blessing says: ‘One of the objects of this
life is to be the mother of a noble race of men’,
I'm sure my one lovely daughter is included in
this. If I can be judged by the accomplishments
of my children I know I have done well. Yet I
know that I have left much good undone and have
undone much good by impulsive actions,

"As yet, I don't feel too comfortable
<span id="page-??"></span>
739 Ellen Elaine

vegetating in a rocker; rather I would have my days
continue with health, purpose and diverse conflicts
and contrasts that will keep me searching, exper-
iencing, relenting and accomplishing. I would be
about my many yet unlearned lessons, I'm looking
forward to the day when, either from my rocker
or my eternal mansion, when my children can
forget my failings and weaknesses and can bring

to pass the promise given to me in a comfort
blessing by Brother Joseph A. Cornwall in 1932,
in which he said: ‘Your children will grow up and
honor and bless your memory, They will be proud
in time to claim that they are called of your name,
They will proclaim to the world in beautiful terms
your service to them, your comfort to them, your
blessing to them, and your desires of them for
their good in the earth. '"

Edward Webb Southwick, ''Ted'' was born 15
June [899 in Lehi, Utah, the son of Edward and
Rachel Ann Webb Southwick. For many years now
he has had his own tax company in Cedar City and
doesn't plan to retire. He is enthusiastic about
golf and plays a good game. He is also a great
sports fan and follows the football and basketball
conferences either in person or on TV and radio.
He keeps up a regular correspondence with his
children and travels to visit them often, in con-
junction with Elaine.

Children and descendants of Ellen Elaine
Christensen and Edward Webb Southwick:--

(A) Donna Jean Southwick, born 3 Mar, 1928 in
Lehi, Utah; md 13 July 1949 in Manti, Utah,
Robert Byron Beckstead (b. 2 July 1928,
Downey, Idaho, to Percy Norman and Leona
Celinda Hutchings Beckstead,) They are
divorced, Five children:

I. Robert Terry Beckstead, b. 25 Feb, 1950,
Provo, Utah

ll, Steven Michael Beckstead, b, 30 Mar. 1951
in Cedar City, Utah

Ill Kathleen Beckstead, b. 7 July 1954,
Salt Lake City, Utah

IV. David Norman Beckstead, b. 3 Oct. 1958,
Salt Lake City, Utah

V. Julie Beckstead, b.28 Aug. 1961,5.L.C., Ut.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 740

(B) Edward Hale Southwick, born 7 Apr. 1929 in
Washington, D. C. md, 27 Aug. 1952, Salt Lake
City, Althea Beryl Sylvester (b. 2 Mar. 1930,
Elsinore, Utah to Wilford Woodruff and Minnie
Hermansen Sylvester.) Four children:

I, Edward Hale Southwick, b. 7 May 1953,
Salt Lake City, Utah

Il, Margaret Ann Southwick, b. 17 Mar. 1957,
Richfield, Utah

IIl, Elizabeth Annette Southwick, b. 10 Mar.
1960, Ogden, Utah

IV. James Albert Southwick, b. 5 Feb. 1964,
Ogden, Utah

(C) Richard Glen Southwick, born 11 May 1931 in
Lehi, Utah; md. 19 Dec. 1952, Logan, Utah,
Helen Janeen Chamberlain (b. 20 May 1931,
Ogden, to Walter Alonzo and Helen Elizabeth
Rhees Chamberlain.) Six children:

I, Shelley Jean Southwick, b. 13 Sep. 1953,
Cedar City, Utah

II, Jo Ann Southwick, b. 17 Dec. 1954, Oxnard,
California

III. Susan Elaine Southwick, b. 13 Feb. 1956,
Salt Lake City, Utah

IV. Richard Glen Southwick, b, 20 June 1957
Salt Lake City, Utah

V. Marcie Helen Southwick, b, 8 Nov. 1959,
Salt Lake City, Utah

VI. Rachel Marie Southwick, b. 19 Sep, 1961,
Salt Lake City, Utah

(D) Paul Robert Southwick, born 31 July 1933 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md, 2 Aug. 1968 in Ogden,
Utah, Suzanne Holman (b. 7 Mar 1948 Taber,
Canada to Roy L. and Bethel Sylvester Holman. )
