(33) Elsie Eliza Christensen (2) was born
30 Oct. 1908 in Salt Lake City, Utah. She died at
seventeen months, 8 Apr. 1910, having been
drowned in the fish pond at the family home in Salt
Lake City. She was buried in Provo, Utah.
Details of her death can be found in earlier pages
of this book.

(34) Grace Christensen, twin (8) calls her
history ''My Memories." Although many of her
memories have been quoted in earlier pages of
this book, some have been repeated here:- ''Three
of the six children of Millie and Arthur Christensen
were born in the 'rock house! in West Gunnison,
This house, as I remember, was a square struc-
ture with an upstairs and balcony. The water we
used was taken from a well at the back door. For
light we used kerosine lamps. In fact, Dr. Hagan
bumped his head on the hanging lamp when he
delivered us twins, Gladys and me. I heard the
grown-ups talk and joke so much about this that I
actually thought I had seen it and heard the bang,

"My parents were proud and happy with their
<span id="page-??"></span>
Grace Christensen 820

enlarged family - four children under the age of
four. Then too, the way things happened was quite
the talk around town, Iwas born about twenty
minutes before midnight on Feb. 16, 1909 and
Gladys was born about twenty minutes after mid-
night on Feb. 17, 1909. Twins born on different
days, Our family moved to a ranch at Upton, Utah,
when the two of us were going on three (1911),
Gladys seemed to be the constant concern of every-
one there, She got into so muchtrouble. Iwas in
on some of it too.

"Both Melrose and Wesley started school at
Upton. They rode horses; we all did - the four kids
on one horse at times, Melrose was reliable and
was the 'boss' when Mother and Dad were away. I
remember the wonderful music of my Mother and
Father, Their voices blended so beautifully.
Mother played the guitar and Dad the mandolin, ©
At this time I thought there was nothing so heavenly.
Many times we were lulled to sleep by their songs,

''We moved back to Gunnison into the house
Father had bought from our Uncle Chris, Mother
really had her hands full trying to get Gladys and
me ready for our first day at school. Everything
was. home-made - even our bloomers and our hand
knit stockings, I recall so well the old rain barrel
just outside the door, This soft rainwater was used
for washing our long hair,

"That late fall we moved into the handsome
red-brick house Father bought from Aunt Elsie.
This was wonderful - pavement all over, up to the
barn, around the house - everywhere. We raced
around in our little wagons, It was shortly after
this that Father and Mother decided to go into the
grocery business and politics. Dad was persuaded
by friends to run for Mayor of Gunnison, He lost
the race by two votes, Actually, he was relieved
to have lost; his heart wasn't in it - nor the grocery
store either, He longed to be outside with the
animals and soil. So he rented a farm west of
Gunnison and we moved there. Melrose, Wesley,
Gladys and I were old enough to help on the farm.
We worked hard with the sugar beets, hay, grain,
etc., for a year or two, Then we moved back to
the red-brick home.
<span id="page-??"></span>
821 Grace Christensen

"At Christmas time, when Gladys and I were
sophomores in Gunnison High School, we moved to
Manti to run and operate the Eagle House Hotel.
Gladys and I graduated from Manti High School
and then rode the bus one year to attend Snow
College in Ephraim, some miles to the north.
Gladys was offered a job, and accepted, to teach
group piano to school children in South Sanpete
School District, I finished my second year at
Snow and received a teacher's certificate.

"T taught two years at Mt. Emmons in
Duchesne Co,, Utah. The following summer I met
Douglas Larsen, a registered professional
engineer and surveyor, From then on I decided
to work nearby, so taught fifth grade at Gunnison
for one-and-a-half years, Father was then ranch-
ing at Trout Creek and it was here his health
began to fail. He died in the LDS Hospital in Salt
Lake City 2 Dec. 1932 at age fifty, of a ruptured
gall bladder,

"Douglas and I were married a month later,
3 Jan. 1933, at Richfield, Utah. (Douglas Forrester
Larsen b. 6 Aug. 1899, Salt Lake City, Utah to
John and Louise Larsen Larsen). Doug's work as
an engineer took us to several places in our early
married years - Parowan, Beaver, Vernal, Price,
three years in Richfield, etc. In 1941 we moved
to Salt Lake City where Doug was District Engineer
for the State Highway Dept. and later Chief Con-.
struction and Materials engineer.

"By this time Mother had moved to a big
house in Salt Lake City and we ‘moved in with her.
David and Max were still at home and Gladys also
lived with Mother until 1942 when she moved to
California, Our daughter, Sydney, was born while
we were living here, in 1943. When she was six
months old we bought a home on Hollywood Ave.
and lived there about two years,

"In the meantime Mother married Octav
Gudmundson and was working at Auerbach's, We
moved back with her and 'Goodie'. In those days
the children were coming and going; it wasn't
unusual to cook and do for fifteen people at once.
Then in Aug. 1950 Doug and I bought our present
<span id="page-??"></span>
Grace Christensen 822
home on Emerson Ave, and moved into that.

"Sydney was then in school, so I decided to
go back to my profession of teaching. Ihave been
at Highland Park Elementary School for nearly
sixteen years, I graduated from the University of
Utah cum laude in 1965. A year later Sydney
received her BS degree from the U of U in recrea-
tional therapy. She has been working as a therapist
with special children at the Primary Children's
Hospital in Salt Lake City since then and is working
on her Masters degree."

- Daughter of Grace Christensen and Douglas
Forrester Larsen:-

(A) Maxine Sydney Larsen born 17 Oct. 1943 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 23 May 1969 in Salt
Lake City, Harry Lewis Post (b. 11 July 1945
in Salt Lake City to William Allsworth and Sara
LeLisle Cram Post).

(35) Gladys Christensen, twin (8) was born
17 Feb. 1909 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. She
gives glimpses into various periods of her life as
she writes her ''Recollections":-- ''Upton - age
about four or five. Grace and I used to play in
the storehouse which was sometimes used for the
storage of dynamite, One of our favorite games
was playing 'Papa and Mama', One day Grace was
the papa, whose job was to get up in the morning
to make the fire. She set fire to a rope which was
hanging from the ceiling. About that time mother
called and we scampered out, not realizing that in
a matter of minutes the whole place would be
ablaze. Our Uncle Albert Gledhill spotted the
smoke and got everyone out of our adjoining house
ina hurry, as they thought there was dynamite
there, though it turned out there wasn't at that
time. Grace and I didn't tell anyone till years
later that we started that fire.

"Uncle Bert saved me again! He was coming
home from the fields and spotted a gingham dress
floating in the ditch of water not far from our house,
He thought that a piece of mother's washing had
blown into the ditch. He pulled it out and lo and
behold it was I! Apparently I had been watching
<span id="page-??"></span>
823 Gladys Christensen

the water running under the bridge and fallen in,
He carried me by the heels to the house and the
doctor said this probably saved my life by allowing
all the water to drain out of me.

"Gunnison - age six, I remember how anxious
Iwas to go to school. The day finally arrived and
Iwas so afraid I was going to be late. In despera-
tion Mother finally put me in a closet until it was
time to go. It was fun being 'twins' in school. I
don't recall any others in our grade. My name was
always 'Grace and Gladys' and Grace's was 'Gladys
and Grace'. Soon we moved to live in-a beautiful
red-brick house in the east part oftown. I guess
we didn't have much money because mother took
in boarders.

"Then one summer we almost cried when we
found out that Dad and Mother had rented our
beautiful house to some 'foreigners' and we were
going to move to a farm northwest of Gunnison.
There was a two roomed house on the farm and it
was really surprising how warm and comfortable
Mother made it look, although it was rather
crowded for our family of seven. Mother wanted
to be sure that our musical education was not
neglected, so down to the farm went our piano and
every week there were music lessons in town, with
plenty of practicing in between, In winter we went
to school by buggy and 'Old Grady’, our dear old:
horse, Rain, snow or shine we went to school!
Also in winter Mother insisted that Grace and I
wear those awful hand knitted black stockings.

We were so embarrassed with them that they came
off as soon as we hit the school grounds. Then _
there were those ‘black sateen bloomers and the
scuffers' which never seemed to wear out.

"Salt Lake City - age twelve. I-went to live
with my Aunt Mary and Uncle Glen Dowdle in Sait
Lake City. Mother thought that I should further |
my musical education at the McCune School of . |
Music. I went to summer school there on Sixth |
South. I had a great time and loved living with. .
Aunt Mary. Idon't know what arrangements were
made for my keep, but every week here would _
come two lbs. of home-made butter and printed
on the wrapping 'Made by Mrs. A. M. Christensen. '
<span id="page-??"></span>
Giadys Christensen 824

Mother used to sell her home-made butter to
stores in Gunnison, One morning Aunt Mary
found me asleep in bed with a picture of Melrose
in my arms and tear stains on my face, so that
was the end of my city life for awhile.

"Manti - age fifteen. In the middle of my
second year in High School we moved to Manti and
started a new life in the 'Eagle House Hotel'. Dad
left the hotel business to us women and went to
work elsewhere, Mother too worked very hard
(with our help) and it was not an easy life, but it
was not without its compensations. We did meet
many new friends. Doug Larsen was one of
Mother's star boarders at the hotel. He worked
for the Utah State Road Commission and spent
quite a lot of time in Manti, At one time there
was some competition between Grace and me
about who would get a date with Mr. Larsen.
Grace finally won out and she and Douglas have
been happily married for thirty-six years,

"Miss Farnsworth (later Aunt Myrtle) taught
me English composition at Manti High. She was
an excellent teacher. After graduation from there
Grace and I attended Snow College. After a year
there Mr, E. T. Reid, Superintendent of the South
Sanpete School District, asked me to consider
teaching group piano in the district. It was done
with cardboard keyboards. I agreed and spent the
summer studying in Salt Lake City, again at the
McCune School of Music. I lived with Aunt Sarah
Christensen and just loved her, I spent many
happy times that summer with cousins Margaret
and Lucile.

"I taught that winter and spent my time in
schools of nine different towns, One of these
towns was Clarion where most of my students
were Japanese - but they were excellent students.
I would ride with Mr, Reid when he was going my
way. Other times it was agreed that I could get
a car at the Gently Garage in Manti. They charged
the school district eight cents per mile which
included gas, oil and the works. Ireally hada
good time on those days.

"Grace went on the college and started a
<span id="page-??"></span>
825 Gladys Christensen

teaching career until she married at the age of
twenty-three. I went on to business college -
teaching was not for me! After graduation I got

a job with the Fleishman Yeast Company, first

in Salt Lake City and then in San Francisco, Calif.
and am still with the same firm." Gladys has
never married and when I saw her last I wondered
how she ever managed it. She is a charming,
lovely person.
