(37) Farrald DeLong Christensen (1) was
born 3 Sep. 1909 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah.
Farrald, always modest, writes a little of him-
self and family:- ''I was the last of the family born
in Gunnison, I am told; the folks moved to Salt
Lake City when I was about nine months oid,"'

He was but a month past his eighth birthday
when his father met with his death. Again he
writes, ''Because mother was alone to raise the
family for many years, we had something of a
struggle to get along. Roy was working in McGill,
Nevada, and for a long time we had no support
except what he sent to Mother each month, I
managed to get through school, working as I could
during the summers. I graduated from the old
LDS College (High School) in 1928, then had a
couple of sessions at the LDS Business College
after that.

"After jobbing around for several years I
went to work for my present employer, the Utah
Dept. of Employment Security. Iwas also busy
as a young man in priesthood activities and was
in the YMMIA presidency of the Ward for a couple
of years, We kept the old family home in Salt
Lake until after Mother died.

"On 17 Oct. 1943 Imarried Beulah Eliza
Nielsen (b. 4 June 1914 in Axtell, Utah to Carl
Erastus and Jane Ann Metcalf Nielsen) and we
moved into the Stratford Ward in Salt Lake City.
Here we lived for twelve years before moving to
our present home in Bountiful, Utah, During
those twelve years Beulah was active in the Pri-
mary Association and I again worked in the YMMIA
as one of the presidency, Scout Master and the
like, Our church service continued after we moved
to Bountiful and again I had various jobs with the
Scouts, Explorers, etc., while Beulah, after the
children got a little older, worked in the MIA Bee-
hive program for several years. She then went
<span id="page-??"></span>
Farrald DeLong 830

into the Stake as YWMIA secretary, which position
she still holds,"

Farrald served in World War II in the Navy.
He was ona destroyer escort in the Pacific much
of the time. He left his wife and children in Salt
Lake City, going in Mar. 1944 and returning twenty
months later, in November 1946. He was with the
U. S, Naval forces which were poised for a gigantic
invasion of Japan, when the war ended. This was
entirely voluntary service as far as Farrald was
concerned, since he was not required to go except
by the dictates of his own conscience and his deep
sense of patriotism.

He continues his report: ''We have four child-
ren, all boys: Carl, Beulah's son by a previous
marriage whom I adopted, Leon, Lavon and Gerald
Ray. When we finally went to the temple (29 Jan,
1964) all four of the boys went along and were sealed
to us,

"Carl was called on a mission for the church
shortly after graduating from Davis High School,
He was called to serve in Argentina but was sent
at once to Chile where he served in what became
the Chilean and then the Andes Mission, Leon
graduated from Bountiful High School and attended
the University of Utah for two years before accept-
ing a mission call to Denmark, After returning
home he went back to the University and graduated,
Lavon also graduated from Bountiful High School
and attended the University of Utah for two years,
He then entered military service and served in
Viet Nam with the 4th Infantry. He is now safely
home and back at the University. Gerald also
finished High School at Bountiful and started
college at the U of U. After the first quarter he
received a call to the Northern Mexican Mission.
He too is home again and back in school at the
University.

"T myself am now secretary for the High
Priests group in our Ward in Bountiful so am not
entirely at my ease,'' Farrald, upon questioning,
admitted he had other hobbies besides his family
and the church, mostly ''do-it-yourself'' projects.
We would like to add that he has a great spirit of
<span id="page-??"></span>
831 Farrald DeLong

family loyalty which extends far beyond his own
immediate family. His two sisters, Pearl and
Ivy, live in Salt Lake and he visits them often.

He also visits his brothers, Elmer and Roy, who
are out of State on occasions and keeps in touch
by phoning them once a month, failing to have suc-
cess with answers to his letters. Farrald is per-
haps the most regular attender of all the members
of the Christensen family at funerals of Aunts,
Uncles, cousins and other relatives on all sides.
He and Beulah can almost always be found among
the mourners in attendance, Though Cousin Byron
may run him a close second in this, Farrald is
mo st faithful in paying his respects to our dead
and their bereaved families,

Farrald is a tall man and resembles his
father more and more to an almost startling degree
as the years go by. Though he knew his father for
so short a time yet many of his mannerisms are
like his, although he is much more quiet in nature,
Beulah makes him a fine companion and together
they are forging ahead towards the goals they have
so wisely set for themselves,

Descendants of Farrald DeLong Christensen
and Beulah Eliza Nielsen; -

(A) Carl Walter Christensen (adopted by Farrald)
born 27 Mar. 1937 in Murray, Utah; md. 19
May 1961 in Salt Lake Temple, Jolynn Van Ry
(b. 1 Sep, 1938 in Salt Lake City to Otto and
Margaret Lake Lawson Van Ry). Child:- _

I. Carl Curtis Christensen b, 25 June 1962,
Bountiful, Utah,

(B) Leon Farrald Christensen born 17. July 1942
‘in Murray, Utah; md. 12 Aug. 1969 in Salt Lake
(Temple) to Marianna Starr McClellan (b. 28...
May 1944 in Baltimore, Maryland to Cyril Elvin
and Betty Marie Starr McClellan),

(C) Lavon Christian Christensen born 2 Dec. 1943
in Murray, Utah.

(D) Gerald Ray Christensen born 11 Dec, 1946 in
Murray, Utah.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Dale Carmen 832
