(7) Giles Elmer Christensen (1) born 4 July
1899 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. Elmer writes:
"Iwas christened Giles Elmer but later changed to
Elmer Giles. When I was a boy father wasn't home
much, I remember while we were living in Gunni-
son Father came home one spring after having been
on the desert all winter with the sheep, His
whiskers were long and red and I didn't know who
he was. So when he came over and kissed mother
I was shocked, He left and I told mother I was
going to tell Father that she let that man with the
red whiskers kiss her. Later Father came back
from the barber shop with the red whiskers gone
and of course I recognized him then and told him
about the man with the red whiskers kissing mother.
Father sure got a kick out of that.

"T started school in Gunnison and then when
we moved to Salt Lake City (1910) I finished the
fourth grade at the Roosevelt school on 33rd South
9th East in Salt Lake, and that was the end of
school for me, Iran away from home and went to
California, But I didn't stay away very long and
soon went back to Utah and father put me to work
at various things on the ranch or herding sheep.
But he wasn't with me very much when I was on
the ranch or herding sheep either,

"Roy and I used to take turns working on the
ranch in Wyoming called 'The Oasis', Roy was
the re the fall of 1917 and I was working on the dry
<span id="page-??"></span>
687 Giles Elmer

farm in Cedar Valley. One night in early October
I dreamed, or imagined I saw Father standing in
the door of my tent. Though he said nothing I knew
something was wrong. The next day they brought
me word of the accident that caused his death. I
was eighteen at the time. After his death I con-
tinued to work for the Bennion Livestock Company
herding sheep for awhile and then I went into the
army. After the war was over I went to work in
the mines, first at Ruth and then at Ely, Nevada,

"It was in Ely, Nevada in 1929 that I married
the widow Frances, or "Fannie' Tanfield Marsh,
She had three children by her first husband--Jack,
Don and Mary Marsh, Ididn't adopt them, Fannie
died in 1932 so I left Ely and went to work in the
mines in Colorado at Alma, Fair Play and Lead-
ville mines, From there I went to California,
Then I joined the army again and was in it from
October 1942 until February 1944. Iwas stationed
on the island of Honolulu in Hawaii. Iwas a cook
there for about a year so I was made a Sergeant.

"I then came back to California, I drove
truck here in Los Angeles for E. Willardson
Plumbing Company for twenty-six years and then,
after they went broke, I went to work for F, C.
Schilling Plumbing Co. and worked for them for
three years, I remarried here a widow by the
name of Mrs, Norah Kathleen Makerove. She
doesn't like the name of Norah so we call her 'Kay'.
She had a five year old son, Ronald Makerove,
whom I raised as my own for eighteen years,
although I never adopted him,

"My life isn't very exciting now for a few
years back they sent me to the hospital with heart
trouble, (He also has emphysema). Now they
won't let me work so I have retired and just putter
around with the flowers here onthe place and am
getting fat and lazy. Inthe First World War I was
known as Giles Elmer and in the Second World War
as Elmer Giles. Now I hardly ever hear either of
these names as everyone down here calis me Chris,!!

Elmer is the only one of the Christensen
descendants to have served in both great world
wars, He has no children of his own. He is now
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Lovena 688

living in Los Angeles (1969) with his second wife,
Kay, and enjoying life as he approaches his
seventieth birthday, in spite of his ailments and
limited activity. They say he raises the most
beautiful flowers!
