
(1) Pearl Eva Christensen (1) writes of her-
self:-- 'I was born 7 Oct. 1894 in Gunnison, San-
pete, Utah. I have blue-green eyes and blond hair,
People say I have a pleasant but quiet personality.
Iwas baptized a member of the LDS church 21 Oct.
1902 in the Manti Temple by Brother Christian
Anderson and confirmed the same day and place by
John B, Maiben. Grandmother Christensen took
me there along with two of my cousins, Harold
Christensen and Leo Nelson.

"My first day of school I went hand in hand
with my friend Erma Lundberg. My first teacher
was Amber Bardsley. I remember Grandma Chris-
tensen's chicken soup and dumplings, also her jelly-
roll cake which she made each Sunday for the school
teachers who boarded with her. She was a generous
person who often invited friends and relatives to
her house to eat, I remember Grandpa Christensen
Singing Danish songs and telling stories as we child-
ren walked with him as he drove his cows home from
the west pasture. I remember going to Christenburg
when I was young to visit my other grandparents,

Ole and Inger Larsen, One time while crossing the
swift Sanpitch River near their place in a wagon, we
barely made it across, Also, when I was a girl, I
used to often go with my father on short business
trips here and there. He was so much fun and such
a wonderful father to me. He used to call me his
fat little Danish girl because I was plump and had
long hair in braids.

'I was Primary organist for one year in the
Gunnison Ward at age twelve and was an attendant
to the queen, Miss Ella Bywater, at the Pioneer
Day celebration there in 1906. If I turned up miss-
ing, mother could usually find me somewhere
dressing old ladies' hair or assisting the old ladies
in our neighborhood, for that is what took my fancy
at that age.

-''In the spring of 1910 sickness came to our
home and I lost two younger sisters, Elora and
Orilla, of scarlet fever within five days of each
other. Ican still remember how beautiful they
looked in their coffins but how grief-stricken we
allwere. That same summer father bought a lovely
<span id="page-??"></span>
677 Pearl Eva

brick house from his brother Andrew at 3020 South
9th East in Salt Lake City and we moved there.

We were in the Forest Dale Ward where I took
part in Sunday School and M.I.A. and later taught
in Primary for two years with Ella Seegmiller,

"T had finished fifth grade before we moved
and I attended school in Salt Lake City at the Roo-
sevelt school on 9th East and 33rd South from
where I graduated from eighth grade. Then I
attended the LDS High School. It was during this
time that I had the wonderful experience of singing
inthe Tabernacle Choir for about three years. I
studied under Evan Stephens. This was one of the
choicest experiences of my girlhood!

"At age twenty-one I took up a homestead
beside my father's ranch on The Oasis near Lyman,
Wyoming. Father had a four room house built, two
rooms on his side of the land and two rooms on my
side. I lived on the ranch in summers and in Ly-
man in the winters, It was while living in Lyman
that I was called to be a visiting teacher in the
Relief Society for the first time.

"Father at this time was manager and a
large stockholder of the Bennion Livestock Com-
pany. A man by the name of Peter A. Jensen was
also a stockholder and foreman in the same com-
pany. It was on The Oasis that our crops were
burned and that father's untimely death occurred.
Nothing can ever blot out the intense feeling of
grief and despair that came over me that October
1917. I gave up the homestead and moved back to
Salt Lake City sometime after that and had a com-
forting patriarchal blessing from Hyrum G, Smith.

"After father's death Peter A. Jensen became
manager of the Bennion Livestock Company. He
was a very kind and gentle man and came often to
visit us. He had soft red curly hair, big blue eyes,
was a classy dresser and an excellent dancing
partner. He and I fell in love and were married
14 July 1920 in Farmington, Utah. I was always
his 'darling'. (Peter August Jensen was born 27
Mar, 1884 in Gunnison, Utah, the son of Michael
and Anna Lena Peterson Jensen), We spent our
honeymoon on the Weber Ranch, After two years
<span id="page-??"></span>
Pearl Eva 678

wwe moved to Eureka, Nevada, where Peter ran the
air compressor for the Uncle Sam's Mine. After

a year we moved to Goshen, Utah where he worked
as a special timberman in the Tintic Standard mine,
then moved over to Eureka, Utah, working for the
same company. He then went back to work for the
Howells and Sharp Livestock Co., which had bought
out the Bennion Livestock Co., and worked for
them until his death.

''When we were first married we purchased
a brick home at 363 East 21st South in Salt Lake .
City and rented it out for ten years, Finally we
moved into this home of ours after losing a darling
little son who was stillborn, Then our first daugh-
ter, Dartear Pearline, was born and then we lost
another little son who was also stillborn, Our last
child, Arminta Caroline, soon came along to cheer
our hearts. Both girls had beautiful blond curly
hair and were blessed with musical voices, Dartear
sang solos when she was very young in Ward and
school functions and also on the radio, Arminta
also sang in such affairs and did solo work in
"Showboat! and ''Promised Valley'!, In the mean-
time I taught in Primary and among other things
was able to bring two little boys into activity in
the church, They had been neglected and Peter
had great influence with them. We kept in touch
with them over the years, One of these boys went
on a mission when eighteen years of age, the other
died in the service fighting for his country.

''When Dartear was married her husband went
directly into the service at Camp Campbell, Kentucky.
When her first baby was born I went to live with
them in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. I only stayed.
there a few weeks and then went to Nashville,
Tennessee with Mrs. Barbee, a relative of Reed.
Smoot's, Later, when Dartear's husband was
transferred to Camp Cook near Santa Maria,
California, while they went. ahead by automobile to
get settled I tended their baby, Dawn Lynn, and
later took her by train to. join them. Ihad a fine
trip seeing all the sights, gathering shells near
the ocean and enjoying the huge palm trees that I
had never seen before,

'wWhen Arminta was married she and her
<span id="page-??"></span>
679 Pearl Eva

husband moved to Fairbanks, Alaska. When their
first child was born there I went to visit them.
The trip took thirteen hours of flying time. I
stayed three months that summer. The first LDS
chapel dedicated in Fairbanks was where baby
David was blessed, While there I saw the great
Northern Lights, the Midnight Sun, and attended
their one hundred year centennial celebration. I
saw large white Alaskan wolf dogs with light blue
eyes and sled dogs in darker shades, I saw the
gold dredge in operation and also the big fish
wheel. I saw the perma frost which looked like

a big layer cake with different shades of icing in
between. I had a ride in an army jet at one of the
largest military camps inthe north. Flying back
from Alaska we had difficulty with one engine and
they gave us Mae West wings to put ontwice. We
were afraid we wouldn't make it. We stopped at
Yakima, Washington for repairs,

"On 29 Nov. 1958 in Salt Lake City my
'darling' died suddenly. Iwas stricken with grief,
Afterwards, the girls thought it would do me good
to take a trip. So I attended the Hill Cumorah
pageant and other places of early church interest,
I attended a meeting at the Sacred Grove where it
poured rain all around but not a drop touched us.
Returning to Salt Lake City Ilater went to the
temple there and had Peter and myself sealed
together as man and wife for eternity, 26 June
1959. Iwas also sealed to my parents there that
same day. Then I went on a temple tour of Manti,
St. George, Mesa and Los Angeles temples and
enjoyed the trip so very much.

"After coming home I went to work as a
practical nurse, working with tiny babies and
small children. Sometimes I cared for elderly
women in their homes or acted as a companion
on their travels. I joined the D. U.P. and served
as a teacher in our camp for the year 1960. In
1959 I was put in as work director in the Wells
Ward Relief Society. I took two courses in genea-
logy and am still working at that, I-now go often
to the Salt Lake Temple to do work for the dead.
Iam in very good health and still going strong as
I approach my seventy-fifth birthday (1969)."'
<span id="page-??"></span>
Pearl Eva 680

Descendants of Pearl Eva Christensen and
Peter August Jensen: -

(A) Boy child Jensen, stillborn 14 May 1924, Salt
Lake City, Utah.

(B) Dartear Pearline Jensen born 21 Oct, 1926,
S.L.C., md. 29 Jan. 1942 in Evanston, Wyo-
ming, Stanley Eugene Price (born 4 Apr. 1921
S.L.C. to Leonard Wallace and Irma Irean
Unger Price), Three children all born in Salt
Lake City, Utah:

I, Dawn Lynn Price b. 10 Aug. 1924; md, 4
Feb. 1965 in S,L.C,. William Rochell
Ingram (b. 10 July 1941 Lancaster, South
Carolina to William Howard Taft and
Ivamae Adams Ingram), Children: -

(a) William Troy Ingram b. 21 July 1965
Maryetta, Georgia.

(b) Michael Shane Ingram b. 19 June 1967
Maryetta, Georgia.

(c) Jess Heith Ingram b. 24 Nov. 1968
East Point, Georgia.

II, Stanley Michael Price b. 17 Mar, 1947; md.
12 Nev. 1965 S.L.C. Claudia Kranendonk
(b. 9 Mar. 1947 in S.L.C. to David and
Donna Jean Madsen Kranendonk), Child: -

(a) Stanley Eugene Price b. 2 June 1966 S.L.C.
Ill. Douglas Eugene Price b. 2 June 1966 S.L.C.,

(C) Boy child Jensen stillborn 5 May 1928 Salt Lake
City, Utah.

(D) Arminta Caroline Jensen born 25 Apr. 1931
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 5 Jan, 1951 in Elko,
Nevada, Richard Wallace Calvin (born 6 July
1930 in S,L.C, to Kyle Harry and Helen Brown
Calvin) Children:

I. David Richard Calvin b. 19 Aug. 1952 in
Fairbanks, Alaska

II, Thomas William Calvin b, 24 June 1955
in Salt Lake City.
<span id="page-??"></span>
681 Joseph Harold

(2) Joseph Harold Christensen (3) "I was
born Sun. 21 Oct. [894 in the Bardsley home in
Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, where father had rented
two rooms, He was a schoolteacher. When I was
about five years old we moved to Redmond, Utah
where my father and mother both taught school.
Ican remember trying to keep up with the older
boys there playing 'Follow Jack! and trying to
jump a wide ditch as they did. I would get wet
and then would get my legs whipped with my wet
stockings that had buttons on the top, and that
didn't feel so good,

"The next two winters father taught at Vernal,
Utah so we moved there. I missed the first two
grades of school, as mother taught me at home
while in Vernal, Then we moved back to Gunnison
and I attended school there until Iwas twelve. At
that time they felt that I was too young to go away
to school so I took the eighth grade over since
there was no high school in Gunnison at that time.
The following year I went to Ephraim, Utah and
attended Snow College, living with some people
by the name of Nielson,

"My first trip to Salt Lake City came about
this time the summer I was thirteen or fourteen,
Alma Fredrickson, a boy who lived with us for |
nine years and was just like a brother, and I
decided to see the big city. I don't remember how
_we got there or who we went with but.I do remember
we both had new straw hats and we wanted to see
the trains. We got up on the viaduct to look down
on the trains as they passed below and our hats
blew off and we lost them and, besides Bot peppe red
with hot cinders,

"About 1910 father fed between twenty and
thirty milch cows down on his brother Albert's
Gunnison ranch about a mile or two west of town,

I had to go down there both before and after school
for a time to help milk them. Iwas pretty happy
when he sold the carload to the Clover Leaf Dairy
and I got rid of that job.

"The year after attending Snow College at
Ephraim, which was just a preparatory school, I
attended first year High School in Manti and lived
<span id="page-??"></span>
Joseph Harold 682

with Grandpa and Grandma Christensen a few
blocks north and east of the schoolhouse, That is
when I first met a girl named Herma Keller. The
year after that, since a two-year High School had
just been started in Gunnison, I went back home
for my second year of High School training. Iwas
Gunnison High School's first studentbody president
that year. The following two years I finished high
school at Manti. I was on the basketball team both
of those years - captain of the team - center - and
star player. We went to Provo for the finals the
second year. Iwas also studentbody president of
Manti High that second year (1914-15).

"I dated Herma Keller - we were in school
together. She was very active in school plays, etc.,
and we both belonged to the Dramatic Club of 1915.
We were married the next year, 28 Dec. 1916, in
the Manti Temple, There were eight years between
my only living sister, Ruth Ellen, and I, mother
having lost three babies between us. I had three
younger brothers at the time I was married - Myron,
Virgil and Marvin. Another brother, Don, was
born just four days after my marriage. Mother
attended our wedding celebration at the Keller home
the night of our marriage and I didn't even know she
was expecting. I knew little about the 'bees and the
birds' at that time.

"After Herma and I were married we lived in
Gunnison until our first baby, Cloyd, was six months
old (Jan. 1918) and then we moved to the farm east
of Gunnison into the house Dad had built there
earlier for some farm workers, Previously I had
worked with Dad on this farm in summers and
during school when I had time, but now I took it:
over myself, I raised sugar beets, sheep and
cattle. I was also busy in church activities, teach-
ing inthe M.I, A. and later acting as second coun-
selor.

"Herma and I had four children, three boys
and a girl. When Dorothy, your youngest, was ten
years old (1935) we moved back to town so the
children. would be closer to school and church. We
rented a Sorensen home in the northwest part of
Gunnison, We then built a lovely new brick home
of our own in northeast Gunnison, but we were only
<span id="page-??"></span>
683 Joseph Harold

in it a short time when Herma passed away, 12
May 1940. Iwas single for two years and then I
married a widow, Stella Sorenson Averett. We
met in Salina and were married in Richfield 25
May 1942. She also had several children but she
was wonderful to me and mine.

"I was on the Gunnison City Council fourteen
years, board member of the Gunnison Irrigation
Company eight years, treasurer of the City Canal
Company for six years and Watermaster for many
years also. More recently I was on the govern-
ment appointed commission to buy farms in Sanpete
County for nonmarginal farmers. I served in this
capacity for six years,"

Harold's daughter Dorothy passed away
following an automobile accident, 29 Aug. 1963.
His second wife, Stella, died rather suddenly 19
Nov. 1967. Harold became rather discouraged
after that and his heart condition of long standing
seemed to get worse. He visited his sister Ruth
Ellen Hansen in California for some weeks around
Christmas. He returned home to the farmhouse
where he and Stella had lived for several years,
the farm itself now being owned by his son Keller
who had built it into one of the finest cattle farms
in the area. Keller and sometimes Cloyd came
to have breakfast with him every morning. They
found him still in bed Monday morning, 11 Mar.
1968, He had passed away in his sleep during the
early hours. He was buried 14 Mar. 1968 in the
Gunnison cemetery beside his wife Herma.

Descendants of Joseph Harold Christensen
and Herma Keller: -

(A) Cloyd Harold Christensen born 14 June 1918,
Gunnison, Utah; md. 29 Dec, 1937 in Axtell,
Utah, Elaine Sorenson (born 16 Jan, 1918 in
Axtell to Truman L. and Anna RoLinda Jensen
Sorenson), Children: -

I, Deanne Christensen b. 29 Aug. 1939 Gunni-
son; md, 21 Feb. 1957 in Gunnison, Bruce A.
Hill (b. 30 May 1939, Fayette, Utah to
Wendell Bown and Lola May Olsen Hill).
Children:
<span id="page-??"></span>
Joseph Harold 6 84

Jeffrey Bruce Hill b 23 May 1957 Gunnison.
Gregory Jon Hill b. 3 Oct, 1958 Gunnison.
Mechelle Hill b. 3 Nov. 1959 Gunnison,
Ronnie C, Hill b, 1 Dec, 1961 Salt Lake City.
Richard W, Hill b. 26 Apr. 1964 S.L.C.
Bryant Hill b. 21 Feb. 1966 Tucumcari,

New Mexico,

II, Brent Cloyd Christensen b, 28 Apr. 1944
Salina, Utah; md. 24 Feb, 1967 in Las Vegas,
Nevada Diana Diefenbaugh (Pratt) (b. 10 Feb.
1945 Nampa, Idaho to John Diefenbaugh and
Alandene Rose Diefenbaugh (now Pratt) Child:
a, Michael Scan Christensen b. 3 Oct, 1967

Gunnison, Utah

MI. Becky Elaine Christensen b, 22 Jan. 1951
Gunnison, Utah; md. 17 Sept. 1966 in Gunni-
son, James Randy Frandsen (b. 1 June 1949
Salt Lake City to Sherrel and Stella Lee
Anderson Frandsen), Child:

a. Marc Randy Frandsen b. 25 Apr. 1967
Gunnison,

moana

(B) Joseph Keller Christensen b. 9 Oct. 1921 in
Gunnison, Utah; md, 23 Dec, 1942 in Manti,
Utah, Marian Frandsen (born 16 Nov. 1922
Clarion, Utah to Peter Lafayette and Ida Caroline
Larsen Frandsen), Children:

I, Female child Christensen stillborn 27 Aug.
1945 Salina, Utah.

II, Dennis Keller Christensen b, 19 Oct. 1946,
Gunnison,

III, Norman Tim Christensen b. 15 Aug. 1948,
Gunnison,

IV, Jed Harold Christensen b. 17 June 1950,
Gunnison,

V. Bruce F. Christensen b. 16 June 1954,
Gunnison,

VI, Lori Christensen b, 5 July 1956, Gunnison,

(C) Clair Alden Christensen born 24 Aug. 1923 in
Manti, Utah; md. 7 Dec, 1943 in Manti, Utah,
Theo Peterson (born 20 Jan, 1924 in Centerfield,
Utah to John P. and Dollrus Childs Peterson),
Children:
<span id="page-??"></span>
685 Joseph Harold

I. Gloria Christensen b. Feb, 1945, Salina,
Utah; md, 14 Sept. 1966 in Logan, Utah,
David Nolan Olsen (b. 11 May 1943 in Logan
to Nolan Porter and Katie Anona Merrill
Olsen), One child:

a, Jeffery David Olsen b. 5 Apr. 1968 in
Logan.

II. Susan Christensen b. 23 June 1947,
Gunnison, Utah

III, Loraine Christensen b. 14 Sept. 1949,
Gunnison,

IV, Douglas J. Christensen b. 27 Aug. 1953
Salt Lake City.

V. Carey A. Christensen b, 28 May 1956
Salt Lake City.

VI. Scott J. Christensen b. 5 May 1962
Salt Lake City

(D) Dorothy Roxie Christensen b, 21 Apr. 1925

in Gunnison, Utah; md, 5 May 1944 in San Diego,

Calif., Everett Earl Erskine (born 14 June 1924

in San Diego to Ralph Samuel and Verlie Irene

Gleason Erskine). Children:

I, Everett Earl Erskine Jr. b. 10 Aug. 1946,
Gunnison; md, 5 Feb. 1969 Salt Lake City,
Karla Rae Godwin (b. 21 June 1947 in Salt
Lake City to Stanley E. and Lillian Lauritzen
Godwin).

Il, Vickie Lynn Erskine b. 10 Feb. 1948 Tooele,
Utah; md, 17 Sept. 1965 Salt Lake City,
Kenneth J. Webb (b. 14 Oct. 1944 Salina,
Utah to Howard Eugene and Afton Lucille
Olsen Webb.) .

III. Karma Lee Erskine b. 3 Jan. 1953 Salt
Lake City. * :

IV. Julee Erskine (twin) b. 16 July 1954
Salt Lake City.

V. Judee Erskine (twin) b. 16 July 1954 8,L.C,

(3) Roxie Irene Christensen (3) was born 6
Nov, 1896 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah; died 18 Dec.

1896 in Gunnison and was buried there.

(4) Inger Elora Christensen (1) was born 12
Apr. 1897 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah; died in

Gunnison 27 May 1910 of scarlet fever at age
<span id="page-??"></span>
Giles Elmer 686

thirteen years one month and fifteen days, She was
buried in the Gunnison cemetery.

. (5) Adelbert Alfious Christensen (2) was born
12 Apr. 1897 in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah, the same
day that his cousin Elora was born in Gunnison. He
died 29 Nov, 1904 in Provo, Utah of diphtheria at
age seven years seven months and seventeen days,
He was buried in the Provo City Cemetery.

(6) Royal Milton Christensen (3) was born 14
Jan, 1898 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah; died 25 Feb.
1898 in Gunnison and was buried there. (Some
records claim he was born and died in 1899.)

(7) Giles Elmer Christensen (1) born 4 July
1899 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. Elmer writes:
"Iwas christened Giles Elmer but later changed to
Elmer Giles. When I was a boy father wasn't home
much, I remember while we were living in Gunni-
son Father came home one spring after having been
on the desert all winter with the sheep, His
whiskers were long and red and I didn't know who
he was. So when he came over and kissed mother
I was shocked, He left and I told mother I was
going to tell Father that she let that man with the
red whiskers kiss her. Later Father came back
from the barber shop with the red whiskers gone
and of course I recognized him then and told him
about the man with the red whiskers kissing mother.
Father sure got a kick out of that.

"T started school in Gunnison and then when
we moved to Salt Lake City (1910) I finished the
fourth grade at the Roosevelt school on 33rd South
9th East in Salt Lake, and that was the end of
school for me, Iran away from home and went to
California, But I didn't stay away very long and
soon went back to Utah and father put me to work
at various things on the ranch or herding sheep.
But he wasn't with me very much when I was on
the ranch or herding sheep either,

"Roy and I used to take turns working on the
ranch in Wyoming called 'The Oasis', Roy was
the re the fall of 1917 and I was working on the dry
<span id="page-??"></span>
687 Giles Elmer

farm in Cedar Valley. One night in early October
I dreamed, or imagined I saw Father standing in
the door of my tent. Though he said nothing I knew
something was wrong. The next day they brought
me word of the accident that caused his death. I
was eighteen at the time. After his death I con-
tinued to work for the Bennion Livestock Company
herding sheep for awhile and then I went into the
army. After the war was over I went to work in
the mines, first at Ruth and then at Ely, Nevada,

"It was in Ely, Nevada in 1929 that I married
the widow Frances, or "Fannie' Tanfield Marsh,
She had three children by her first husband--Jack,
Don and Mary Marsh, Ididn't adopt them, Fannie
died in 1932 so I left Ely and went to work in the
mines in Colorado at Alma, Fair Play and Lead-
ville mines, From there I went to California,
Then I joined the army again and was in it from
October 1942 until February 1944. Iwas stationed
on the island of Honolulu in Hawaii. Iwas a cook
there for about a year so I was made a Sergeant.

"I then came back to California, I drove
truck here in Los Angeles for E. Willardson
Plumbing Company for twenty-six years and then,
after they went broke, I went to work for F, C.
Schilling Plumbing Co. and worked for them for
three years, I remarried here a widow by the
name of Mrs, Norah Kathleen Makerove. She
doesn't like the name of Norah so we call her 'Kay'.
She had a five year old son, Ronald Makerove,
whom I raised as my own for eighteen years,
although I never adopted him,

"My life isn't very exciting now for a few
years back they sent me to the hospital with heart
trouble, (He also has emphysema). Now they
won't let me work so I have retired and just putter
around with the flowers here onthe place and am
getting fat and lazy. Inthe First World War I was
known as Giles Elmer and in the Second World War
as Elmer Giles. Now I hardly ever hear either of
these names as everyone down here calis me Chris,!!

Elmer is the only one of the Christensen
descendants to have served in both great world
wars, He has no children of his own. He is now
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Lovena 688

living in Los Angeles (1969) with his second wife,
Kay, and enjoying life as he approaches his
seventieth birthday, in spite of his ailments and
limited activity. They say he raises the most
beautiful flowers!

(8) LaFaun Christensen (3) was born 27 Feb.
1900 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, and died 13 May
1900 also in Gunnison and was buried there. Some
family records claim she was born and died in 1901.

(9) Edith Lovena Christensen (2) later changed
the spelling of her first name to Edythe. Her own
history, entitled "As Memory Serves", is a beauti-
ful one and was written for her descendants. We
have ‘only room for a few highlights: - 'I was born
22 Apr. 1900 in Ann Arbor, Washtenau, Michigan,
where Father was attending school, I have been
told that I was plump and good natured as a baby,
with brown eyes and blonde hair. Later my hair
turned to deep brown with copper glints,

"My own earliest recollections date back to
age four and a half, when mother and us children
were living in Provo, Utah, while father was in
Europe for further study. Adelbert and I had
diphtheria. Iwas given the antitoxin in time to
bring about my recovery - he was not and died.
Young as I was I felt sobered and bereft. I had
loved this older brother with all the tenacity of my
little soul.

"We moved to Salt Lake City in 1905 and in
late 1906 or early 1907 father purchased a lovely
home on 27th South and 9th East, On the extensive
grounds father had a fishpond constructed and
stocked with trout. In all family activities we
children never felt left out or in want of the things
that meant most - attention - pride in achievement -
love in abundance. Iwas permitted a year of kinder-
garten at age six at the LDS School. I went back
and forth by streetcar with Father, who was princi-
pal of the school. Regular school started for me at
the Roosevelt grade school, judged to be about a
mile from our home, which distance I walked in
<span id="page-??"></span>
689 Edith Lovena

snow or shine. I was eager to learn and soaked up
the lessons like a sponge. The winter of 1909/10
I passed off the second and third grades in one year.

"It was in our fishpond that spring of 1910
that our baby sister Elsie was drowned. My
brothers and I had been commissioned to 'watch
out for her' but were jumping the rope and forgot.
I still blame myself for that tragedy. I never
jumped the rope again! Later that spring we sold
our cherished home to our wonderful Uncle Chris
"T'' and in July father, mother, Wendell age 7,
Sheldon age 4, and lage 10, left for Europe.

"After two wonderful months in England,
where father studied and 'put himself out' to give
us numerous cultural and educational experiences,
we sailed to Denmark to meet our beloved Chris-
tensen grandparents and with them visit Danish
relatives there. Then all were bidden a fond adieu
and father headed us towards Germany and school
again. He continued to take time to show us spots
of cultural and historical interest and inspire us
with his stories of the same. We even visited the
Berlin Palace and a parade of the Kaiser's goose-
stepping troups,

"Leipzig was our destination and here father
studied at the University. We shared the apart-
ment of some German saints. Wendell and I
attended the early grades. Among other things
we learned to speak German quite well. I also
started lessons on the piano. My teacher was
Fraulein Hedwig Hartel, a convert to the church,
At the conclusion of each lesson I was given a
treat - usually a small molded pudding of blanc-
mange with a raspberry syrup, which was lucious.

"Christmas in Germany, long the toy center
of the world, was almost beyond description.
Lucky children, we were taken into exciting shops
and throngs, Our eyes beheld things beyond any-
thing we had yet imagined, The main event of
spring that year (1911) was the arrival of my
fourth brother, Luther. He was a beauty!

"Returning to Provo that fall, Father was
given a full professorship at BYU. Ienrolled in
fifth grade at BY Training School and attended
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Lovena 690

there three years, through seventh grade, In those
three years we lived in three different areas in the
Provo and Pleasant View areas. Why we moved so
much I'll never know. Mother always left a place
looking better than she found it, which took a lot of
work. We all helped. It was in Pleasant View the
spring of 1914 that my sister Lucile was born,

"I never did attend eighth grade, for that fall
found us in Rexburg, Idaho, where Father had been
sent by the church to head the Ricks Academy. I
started as a freshman in high school that year and
made an ''A'' average for the next three years, I
was fond of music and was chosen as a member of
a ladies double trio in school, which performed
often. During my second summer I took a six
weeks course in piano - my first since Leipzig.

"Discipline was strict in our home. Rules
were laid down quietly but firmly. I was informed
early that I might start dating following my seven-
teenth birthday, The day finally arrived and I
accepted a date from a fine young man to attend a
school dance, Father stipulated a rather early time
to return, Via our homeward journey we stopped
at a drugstore for refreshments. Ohmy! We dis-
covered that even by walking fast we would still be
a half hour late. Father met us at the door, He
said little and that in a quiet voice of steel, The
young man left and never braved another date with
me, Underneath my disappointment I knew I had
broken a promise and deserved punishment, yet
deeper still I felt protected, My father loved me
enough to keep the fortress tight!

"The spring of 1917 found us living in the
small village of LaVerkin in southern Utah's Dixie.
I had developed some anemia and Father, eager to
get out from under the pressures of school work,
had used this as a partial excuse to resign his
position in Rexburg, to mother's dismay. A four-
roomed log hut overlooking the murky Virgin River
was our home for awhile, It was pretty desolate,
Lizards scuttled over the sandy soil, sometimes
invading our very rooms, But between the bright
hot summer sun and dippings in the mineral
springs there, I recovered my health. We moved
into a brick home in the fall and the three boys
<span id="page-??"></span>
691 Edith Lovena

went to school but I stayed out and helped at home,
gave piano lessons, which bolstered my confidence
and also my finances, worked in Sunday School and
M.I.A. and served as drama and music director
for the young people of the community.

"Father received another church call the
spring of 1918, this time to preside over the
Millard Academy at Hinckley, Utah, so we moved
again. The Academy was small and rundown but
father was a good organizer and a hard worker,
With his advice and help I started as a teacher of
music at the Academy and also taught a class of
theology, Book of Mormon, besides taking a few
classes, Idid soprano solo work for school and
church, became the Ward organist and organized
and played piano for a four-piece orchestra,
There was the usual whirl of dances, parties,
picnics, etc,, and being a 'new girl' I walked off
with the prize in escorts in Hinckley, as I had in
LaVerkin,

"Margaret, the folks' last child, was born
there in May 1919, That spring Father gave up
school work for good and turned his attention. to
others of his projects. He purchased the big Star
Ranch north of Nephi, Utah, together with his
brother Albert and brother-in-law Otis Ercanback.
So we moved to Star Ranch and had a busy and
beautiful summer.

"Father rented a home in Provo and moved
us there for school that winter, I entered as a
freshman at B. Y.U. I studied voice with Florence
Jeppersen (Madsen) among other subjects, and
renewed my acquaintance with friends I had known
earlier at the Training School, especially Grace
Nixon. At the close of school the spring of 1920.
the family moved back to Star Ranch but I stayed
on for twelve weeks of summer school. That fall
the folks moved back to Provo for school and I
enrolled for my second year at B.Y.U.

"One day about March of 1921 my friend
Grace asked me suddenly, 'How would you like to
go to Boston with me to study next fall?' Would I
indeed! I could hardly wait to ask my parents.
My practical mother was not enthused but my
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Lovena | 692

dreamer-of-a-father was elated and thought he
could see me through. Grace was graduating that
spring while I had had only two winters and one
summer of college.

'The day of departure arrived but the money
father expected did not. However, he had arranged
for me a loan of $300. 00 through the church school
system, This would barely pay my fare, my tuition
at the Leland Powers School of Dramatic Art and
my first months rent, with a little left over. Flo-
rence Jepperson had written ahead and engaged us
room and board with a couple she knew in Boston,
When we arrived there were about three weeks left
before school started. Iimmediately found a job
as waitress in a downtown cafe, The place was
busy and the trays were heavy. I stayed on but
looked for something better,

"I know it was through prayer that I ran
across the exclusive little French Pastry Shop
owned and managed by Mr. Constantin, a Greek
and a gentleman in every sense of the word. Iwas
hired as waitress on the spot, The wage was good
and soon I was promoted to cashier with a raise in
salary. My hours were from 4:00 p.m. to 12:00
midnight, and since school hours were from 9:00
a.m. to 1:00 p.m. this was perfect. The subway
opened within a few steps of the shop and the exit
was near my apartment,

"Grace didn't have to work but she had to be
careful. She got a monthly check from home, but
I got none. Ihad to make my own way. With
insufficient money for board I asked our landlady
for permission to fix my own meals. Breakfast
consisted of hot chocolate made with canned milk
and water, and a peanut butter or honey sandwich,
Lunch consisted of a large 5¢ apple or, if I was
extra hungry, a 1l0¢ plate of spaghettie purchased
on my way from school, My night meal, included
with my job, was soup or salad, a sandwich, cer-
tain pastries or ice cream, And thus I managed,

"TI decided to change from drama to my first
love, music the next fall and planned to enter the
New England Conservatory of Music, Funds would
not allow for a trip home that summer so I accepted
<span id="page-??"></span>
693 Edith Lovena

a summer job with still more money from my
employer, Mr, Constantin, which was to introduce
his French candies in connection with a linen shop
in the seaside resort town of Magnolia, Maine. I
lodged at the home of the charming Jewish woman
who tended the Linen Shop, I discovered that fine
minds, noble spirits and kindly hearts are to be
found in many places, regardless of race, rank
or creed. :

"Grace and I found a small one-room apart-
ment withtiny kitchen and bath close to the Con-
servatory of Music where I registered and then
faced the manager in his private office. I did not
have the price of tuition, since the money I had
been promised from home failed to arrive and my
own earnings were insufficient. He waived immed-
iate payment and as the year advanced gave me
every advantage of discount plus a partial scholar-
ship, In return I promised dedicated work and I
kept my promise.

"I took vocal, piano, harmony, solfeggio,
sight reading and history of music, My aim was
to practice from five to six hours aday. I worked
out a tight schedule and stuck to it. Ididn't work
otherwise except at a small job playing piano for
a children's dance studio and as a paid singer at
an Episcopal church on Sunday which came early
enough for me to attend my own church service
later. My health was good and my ambitions high.

"There were a number of other Utahns study-
ing there. Among the male students and LDS
missionaries we did not lack for dates but limited
our dating to one night a week and Sunday afternoons,
We were pretty selective in the things we attended -
operas, concerts, the best in musical comedy,
Shakespeare's plays, etc. I had an invitation to
the Harvard Junior Prom that year - it was quite
an occasion, Saturdays we sometimes went sight
seeing to spots of historical interest or visited art
galleries to browse,

"Though I received a little help from home
occasionally and some from a business friend in
Utah, yet by money standards Iwas 'poor', if not
‘in need', although somehow I felt blessed and 'rich'.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Lovena 694

I remember the time our cupboard was bare, Ihad
spent my last quarter on apples and day old rolls,
Having eaten these we were entirely without food,

My pay wasn't due for a few days and Grace's check,
usually so prompt, had not come, We prayed
earnestly that night but morning came and still
nothing, We didn't eat the second day and repeated
the prayers, Morning broke again but there was

still no food. We went to school but both were weak.
My prayers were constant though silent throughout
that day. Returning home I found a letter from Uncle
Henry Bartholomew containing a $10.00 bill. He
said he thought I might be able to use it, I dropped
to my knees in thanksgiving, then went out to market,
We had more than one period of forced fasting!

'In the spring I had a letter from home saying
Iwas needed badly. The family's finances had
reached low ebb, father's health was in a poor state,
and mother was desperate. The family had moved
to Salt Lake into a shabby house on a bend of the
Jordan River. I scraped up money for my fare and
was on my way home in amatter of days. I found
conditions as described with the necessity of getting
an immediate job. I worked temporarily collecting
for an insurance company and soliciting catering
orders - it was hard and discouraging work. By
fall I had landed a position in the Madison school,
teaching music in the upper grades and another
subject... J, Spencer Cornwall, music supervisor
of the district, often visited my classes and asked
me at one time if I intended to go east for further
study. He had a plan in mind for teaching group
piano in the grades and said if I could qualify he
would give me the opportunity to start it, I deter-
mined to return to Boston,

"In the meantime, with the help of my earn-
ings, things began looking up for the family. We
left the old home on the bend of the Jordan and
rented an attractive two story red brick house at
1876 South Main St. There were plenty of rooms
for me a music studio and a sewing room for
mother, who was beginning to make temple and
burial clothes for the church at a fair profit, It
was while living here that one of the main events
of my life occurred. Through a blind date arranged
<span id="page-??"></span>
695 Edith Lovena

by friends, Imet Dr, Burtis F, Robbins who had
just returned from his training in New York and
was ready to start his practice. He looked dis-
tinguished but was a man of few words - mostly of
one syllable, or so it seemed to me, I was used
to being catered to and amused, if you please.
The evening of dinner and dancing finally over he
drove me home, stopped the car, and resting his
hands on the wheel, remained silent. Strangely,
at that moment an inner voice spoke to me in
ringing clearness: ‘Edythe, this is the man!' In
my heart of hearts that first night I knew that Dr,
Robbins was the one for me.

''He continued to date me - not often but con-
sistently. He took me to many of the best things.
He was a busy man setting up his practice, and
besides was superintendent of the Sunday School
and worked inthe M.I.A. in the 18th Ward. I.
became active in the Farmers! Ward, counselor
in M,1, A., director of the Ward plays and doing
things musically - I'm sure Dr, Robbins was much
sought after and I did my share of other dating. At
one time I mentioned to him that come fall I thought
of going east again. ‘Oh, you don't want to do that!
was his answer, Fall came and I prepared to go to
Boston, I hadn't heard a word from my Dr. friend
for three weeks and was hurt and left without a
word to him, Arriving in Boston I received the
longest letter I have ever received from Burtis -
but no proposal of marriage.

"TY threw myself into my work at the Conser-
vatory - mostly piano, for which I had the best
teacher of my career, I became engaged that
winter to a young law student from Utah who was
graduating from Harvard, No sooner was this
done than I knew I couldn't go through with it. But
how to get out of it without hurting him? There is
no such thing - such things always hurt,

"T returned home the spring of 1925, Plans
were laid for me to begin work teaching group .
piano in the fall, Burtis welcomed me with
enthusiasm but dating went on the same - slowly.
The winter went by and I also taught part of the
summer, The fall of 1926 rolled around and with
it my second year of teaching group piano. I took
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Lovena 696

piano students after school, I was now twenty-six -
goodness I was getting old! I longed for a husband
and children of my own, Another young man was
pressing me for marriage but I couldn't get my mind
off Burtis. I spoke to Father about him, his seem-
ing lack of gallantry and attention. 'What kind ofa
man do you really want - one who is doing big things
or one who spends his energy doing little ones?'
And he smiled.

"T had been blessed with much, especially
experience, but still had no home of my own, I did
some serious thinking and decided on a plan, I
wrote my resolve in a long letter telling Burtis I
was through. I would hand it to him the next time
he came, It was to be dramatic - final! The day
of Dec. 14th dawned, Burtis called that afternoon,
I went to the door and extended the letter, He didn't
take it but handed a small packet to me instead, It
held a large, square-cut, glittering diamond, The
wedding was set for Jan, 14th, one month away.
Later that afternoon there arrived a box of long
stemmed red roses, and they have been arriving
on that same date every year since. We were
married in the Salt Lake Temple by Pres, Heber
J. Grant. I continued to teach to the end of that
school year.

"That was forty-one years ago, Burtis has
been a wonderful husband and provider, He has
gone along with me in all my ‘flights of fancy'
whether it be the collecting of oriental rugs and
other works of art, antique furniture buying, home
remodling and decorating, creative work with rock
and wood, painting and sculpturing, twelve years
with the Tabernacle choir, or travel to distant
lands, He has been a wonderful father to our one
boy and four girls, There was always money for
lessons from the best teachers, violin, cello,
piano and voice. There was money for them to
study in distant cities and for our son's mission
to Japan, There was always money for the important
things. We had five Temple marriages in some over
four years, including four beautiful home receptions
for which nothing was spared.

Burtis has been a wonderful son-in-law, open-
ing our home to Mother and furnishing her with her
<span id="page-??"></span>
697 Edith Lovena

own apartment there as long as she lived and all
else he could supply that her aging heart desired,
He has been a wonderful member of the church,
serving in numerous important capacities, the
climax of which would surely be presiding over the
East German Mission (later changed to North
German) from Aug. 1957 to Dec. 1959, which
included over 9, 000 Saints, about half of whom
were behind the Iron Curtain, where I labored
with him among the people I had learned to love
as a child,

"In the forty-one years my husband, child-
ren and grandchildren have always been my greatest
joy and concern. My home has been my castle,
whether our first rented apartment on 3rd Ave.
and C St.; our first owned home at 121 B St.; our
lovely home of sixteen years at 1176 East South
Temple; our farm, where the Skyline High now
stands, and the series of tents and cabins in which
we lived there in summers from 1934 to 1956; or
our beautiful 'dream house! at 3150 East 3600 South
into which we moved following our mission.

"We have traveled extensively during our
later years, sometimes taking our married child-
ren along, to many points of interest in the U.S.A,
Canada, Alaska, the Holy Lands, Japan, China,
Egypt, New Zealand, Australia, Tahiti, Fiji,
Hawaii, and other distant lands. Some of these
latter years have been marred for me by poor
health, including a heart condition, Ihave been.
promised other trips if my health improves,

These should include Mexico and South America.
We might then see some of the Book of Mormon
locales and artifacts first hand, I rest content
however, a most blessed and privileged woman,
My store of memories is rich and satisfying. It

is not necessary that Ibe given more. As I have
said and say of our five children I also say of our
twenty-five grandchildren: 'These are my jewels!'
The future is in their hands and 1 trust them,"

Edythe Lovena Christensen's and Burtis
France Robbins! children and descéndants: -

(A) Edythe Rae Robbins, b, 12 Apr. 1928 in Salt
Lake City, Utah; md. 20 Mar. 1950 in S. L. C.,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Lovena 698

Keith Ross Tollstrup (b. 31 May 1925 in
Eureka, Utah to Roscoe Benton and Thelma
Karrie Willardson Tollstrup). Their children,
all born in Salt Lake City, Utah: --

I, Kathy Lynn Tollstrup b. 23 Sept. 1951

Il, Shauna Jeanne Tolistrup b. 14 Feb. 1954
III, David Reese Tollstrup b, 15 Aug. 1955
IV. Gina Marie Tollstrup b. 19 Feb. 1961

(B) Ellen Francine Robbins b. 26 Dec. 1929 in
S.L.C,; md. 5 Sept. 1950 in S,L.C., James
William Stewart (b. 18 Jan. 1929, S.L.C. to

,Devirl B. Stewart and Grace Nixon Stewart),
Their children, all born in Salt Lake City, Utah:--
I, James William Stewart Jr, b, 23 Oct. 1951
II, Stephen Robbins Stewart b. 7 Dec. 1957
Ill, Frank Robbins Stewart b. 20 Jan. 1960
IV, Annette Marilyn Stewart b. 18 Mar. 1961.

(C) Burtis France Robbins Jr. b. 24 Sept. 1931 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 11 Nov. 1954 in
S,L.C., Jayne Cleone Weggeland (b. 8 Mar.
1935 in S,L,.C, to Henry Norman and Martha
Cleone Southwick Weggeland), Their children,
all born in Salt Lake City, Utah except the fifth:--

I, Juliana Robbins b. 1 May 1957

Il. Matthew Weggeland Robbins b, 19 Oct. 1959

III. Mark Burtis Robbins b. 8 Feb, 1961

IV, Joseph Burtis Robbins b, 10 July 1963
d, 11 July 1963.)

V. Rebecca Robbins b. 13 Feb. 1964, Houston,
Texas (adopted)

VI. Andrew Weggeland Robbins b, 19 May 1965.
(adopted)

(D) Sara'Elaine Robbins b. 7 May 1934 in Salt Lake
City, Utah; md. 10 June 1953 in S,L,C., Richard
..Edson Harris (b, 10 Apr. 1929 in S,L.C, to Dale
Walter and Luella Frances Christenson Harris, )
Their children, all but the first born in Salt Lake
City, Utah:
IT, Karen Elaine Harris b, 23 Jan, 1956 in
Cheyenne, Wyoming
Il. Kristine Harris b, 27 Dec. 1956
Ill. Diane Harris b, 12 Nov. 1958
IV. Carolyn Harris b, 21 Feb, 1961
V. Richard Robbins Harris b, 27 June 1962
VI, Joseph Robbins Harris'b. 6 Sept, 1964
<span id="page-??"></span>
699 Christian LeRoy
VII, Robert Robbins Harris b, 21 June 1967

(E) Joanne Robbins b, 29 June 1935 in Salt Lake
City, Utah; md. 22 Sept. 1954 inS,L.C.,
Robert Pratt Romney (b. 18 Oct. 1929 in
S.L.C. to Gaskell Maurice and Genevieve
Katherine Wallis Romney). Their children,
all born in Salt Lake City, Utah: -

I. Carol Elizabeth Romney b, 25 Sept. 1956
II, Cathrine Romney b, 8 May 1958

Ill. Mary Louise Romney b. 25 Aug. 1960

IV. Male child Romney stillborn 25 Apr. 1967

(10) Christian LeRoy Christensen (1) was
born 9 Jan, 1901 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah,
This was on a Tuesday. Roy, as he was most’
often called, was the fourth child and second son
of the family. He was of a sweet and gentle nature
like his mother Caroline, round faced, blonde and
inclined to be rather plump as a child, He was ©
baptized a member of the L.D.S, church three
days after his eighth birthday, 12 Jan, 1909, in
the Manti Temple, undoubtedly being taken there |
for the occasion by his grandmother, Else K,
Christensen,

Roy started school in Gunnison the fall of
1907. Those were the days when Beginner's Grade
preceded First Grade in most school districts.
His family moved to Salt Lake City the summer
of 1910, following the death of two of his sisters,
Elora, older, and Oriila just younger than he.
Here he started Third Grade in the Roosevelt
grade school about a mile from their lovely home
on 27th South 9th East, which his father had pur-
chased from his brother Andrew. Roy attended
school at Roosevelt through eighth grade and that
was the end of his formal schooling. But he con-
tinued to read a lot, for he loved books,

From 1910 on most of the summers of his |
youth were spent on the Weber Ranch in north-
eastern Utah, along with others of his family.
After his schooling was over, however, he began
alternating with his older brother Elmer at some
sheep camp owned by the Bennion Livestock Com-
pany, of which his father was part owner and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Christian LeRoy 700

general manager, or taking care of his father's
land on The Oasis, not far from Lyman, Wyoming,
It was here on The Oasis that he spent the summer
and fall of 1917, along with his sister Pearl, and
where they became involved in the unforeseen and
heartbreaking circumstances of their beloved
Father's accident and death. Details of this have
been related earlier in this book,

Roy says that following his Father's death
Uncle Lou Christensen bought their property there
on The Oasis and paid for it as soon as he could.
He himself went back to Salt Lake City with his
mother and his younger brothers and sister, He
was then nearing seventeen but too young to serve
in World War I, then in progress, He became his
mother's mainstay, working around as he could
until 1922 when he went to Nevada with his older
sister Pearl and her husband Peter Jensen, and
worked in the mines in Eureka, Nevada for six
months, Then he went to McGill, Nevada and
worked until 1929, at which time he returned to
Salt Lake City to be near his mother. Being unable
to find work in Salt Lake to his liking, he returned
to McGill and has worked there ever since,

Not all heros are in uniform and it will
surely be to Roy's eternal credit that he took care
of his mother to the best of his ability throughout
all those years, as long as she lived, He shared
his monthly checks with her and did all else he
could for her happiness, His younger brother
Farrald says they just couldn't have gotten along
inthe home then without the help Roy gave them,
Roy may still have blamed himself for his father's
untimely death, though circumstances entirely
absolved him, but a less sensitive and less dedicated
soul would have wearied of the long grind and gone
his own way.

Roy married a widow, Luella Ernstsen
Bennett, in Ely, Nevada 23 Dec. 1938, just two
and a half years before his mother's death. He
was within two and a half weeks of his thirty-
eighth birthday at the time and she was within a
week of her twenty-eighth. Luella writes of him: -
"IT met Roy in McGill when I first came here in
January of 1930, being a small town everyone
<span id="page-??"></span>
701 Christian LeRoy

knew everyone. My first husband and I lived in
McGill from soon after our marriage in 1929 until
he died, except for two years in Fillmore, Utah.

I had three sons, five, seven and nine, when Roy
and I were married. He has been a good husband
and a wonderful father. He deserves much credit.
My boys love him very much and remember no
other father, since their own father died when
they were pretty young. Our own son, Christian
LaVell, was born in McGill the early part of 1940.

"We are pretty proud of our boys, they have
given us little trouble. The oldest is a heavy-duty
mechanic in Salt Lake City; the second is a sales
manager in Salt Lake; the third has graduated
from medical school at the University of Utah and
is now doing his intern; and Chris, as we call our
youngest, is now working in electronics in Rich-
land, Washington. We have four lovely daughters-
in-law and many beautiful grandchildren. Roy
himself works for the Kennecott Company here
in McGill as a pipefitter. He hopes to retire
when he is sixty-eight (1969).

"We own our own home in McGill, a duplex,
live in one side and rent the other. We both enjoy
good health except for a little arthritis. Roy used
to enjoy fishing and hunting but doesn't do much of
that any more, since he gets short winded when he
walks very far. He enjoys working in the yard and
flowers. We don't do much traveling as we try to
avoid traffic and big crowds. We have made several
trips to Los Angeles and San Diego, several to
Reno, Carson City, Virginia City, and to Piermont
Lake in Nevada. We have also visited Yellowstone
Park, Capitol Reef in southern Utah, and Lake
Tahoe. : :

"Like Roy's, my father's parents were emi-
grants from Denmark who came to Zion for the
Gospel. My father, Ove Ernstsen, also born in
Denmark, is still living at 86 and has his own
home in Salt Lake City. His father lived to be 90.
There were eleven children in our family, nine
girls and two boys. Nine are still living. I myself
was born 30 Dec. 1910 in Loa, Utah and moved to
Salt Lake when I was fourteen. I attended Granite
High School there but quit in my third year and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Christian LeRoy 702

went to work, I met and married my first husband
there in 1929, Ihave worked off and on for years

in cafes in McGill and Ely as a cook, but haven't

the past year or so due to arthritis. I enjoy sewing
very much and make all my granddaughters' dresses,
Iam 5 ft. 3 inches high, weigh 123 lbs. and have
brown hair and eyes.

"Roy is 5 ft. 8 inches tall and weighs 160 lbs.
He has light hair and hazel eyes. Though his edu-
cation was limited he has read and studied a lot
and is a very intelligent man, He has many friends
and apparently no enemies. He doesn't have much
time for hobbies at present but enjoys our color TV
and card parties at the Elks Lodge twice a month.
Since we have so many friends in McGill and Ely,
we hope to continue to make our home here after
his retirement and plan a few trips by plane. We
want to visit my sister in Connecticut and many of
the ghost towns in Nevada."

Roy has not adopted the three Bennett boys,
sons of his wife and her first husband, Clarence
LeRoy Bennett - Merlyn LeRoy, Ernest Eugene
and Derral Duane, who are all married. But they
are very close to him as he is to them and their
families. He and Luella Ernsten have but the one
son of their own: -

(A) Christian LaVell Christensen b. 3 Feb. 1940
in McGill, Nevada; md. 27 Aug. 1960 in Ely,
Nevada, Elva Gwen Steele (b. 23 May 1941 in
Ely to Alma Blaine and Elva Venice Drollinger
Steele), Children: -

I. Gary LaVell Christensen b. 12 Sept. 1966
in Salt Lake City, Utah

II, Jill Christensen, b. 1 July 1968 in Rich-
land, Washington.

(ll) Virginia Christensen (4) It is recorded
that Iwas born 6 Sept. 1901 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah,
the day United States President William McKinley
was assassinated, Aunt Elsie Bartholomew often

- told me what a scrawny, homely baby I was and

how sorry Father felt for Mother, her having gone
through so much for such a poor specimen,
<span id="page-??"></span>
703 Virginia

When Iwas a small girl Mother often told me
about the visit of a wandering gypsy to our home
while Iwas yet a babe. When she proudly showed
her first-born off to the visitor, the old woman
offered to tell my fortune, and the words she said
were - 'When they're pretty when they're little
they'll be ugly when they're big and vice versa -
this child will be a beautiful woman!'' Whether
this pronouncement ever really took place or not I
have no way of knowing, yet I believed the story
then with ali my heart and it remained in my mem-
ory and helped to buoy me up during my ugly duck-
ling years, As awoman, however, my mirror has
never reflected ''a beauty" and I have had to be ©
satisfied with the thought that "beauty is as beauty
does'', Some have said that I resemble my Danish
grandmother Else in looks, though not in stature.
Be that as it may I was not fortunate enough to
inherit lovely auburn tresses like hers.

When I reflect on my childhood I remember
it as being a wonderful time of learning, achieving,
and being appreciated and loved. Our big new
house into which we moved when I was nine was the
envy of my friends. My sister Elaine and I were
also envied by them because of the time our talented
mother took with us in teaching us singing, drama-
tics and such, and because of the numerous oppor-
tunities we had to ''show off'' because of it.

How I loved school! I could hardly wait for
each autumn when the school bell started ringing.
I attended school at Manti from ''Beginners Grade"
into High School - from the red brick schoolhouse
to the white brick schoolhouse onthe same block.
The day before my eighth grade graduation I
sprained my right thumb playing volleyball at.
school and was forced to attend the graduation —
exercises with my black-and-blue thumb all: ..
bandaged up. The hurt to my pride was worse .
than the hurt to my digit, and needless to say I :
accepted my diploma with my left hand. A little
over a year after that graduation my darling
mother passed away and childhood for me came
to anend too. Life seemed much more serious.
after that.

Following my two years at Manti High, Father
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 704

sent Elaine and me to attend B. Y. High at Provo.
He found a nice elderly couple there, the Oscar
Hydes, with whom we could room and board, and
instructed them to treat us like their own daughters,
This they faithfully tried to do and threw in plenty
of advice in the bargain. But when they started
calling us and our dates in for family prayers at
nine o'clock in the evenings, indicating that it was
time for us to retire, it was a little hard to take.

Father's last words as he left us that autumn
at the Hyde's in Provo had been, "Virginia, you are
the oldest and I shall hold you responsible not only
for your own conduct but for Elaine's as well.'' Now
at that time I was a worrier and dear fun-loving
sister Elaine took advantage of her new found free-
dom, which managed to keep me pretty worried.
She had a gay time trying her wings while I hardly
dared venture beyond Hydes and school, She be-
came well acquainted with most everyone while I
walked my prim little way.

This was the winter of the great influenza
epidemic in Utah (1917/18) and Provo was not
spared, Prof, Clair Reid, our music teacher,
had Elaine and me join with six others of his vocal
students to form a double mixed quartet and sing
at funeral after funeral in the Provo cemetery, no
inside services being allowed then, We stood on
planks thrown over the muddy, snowy ground and
blended our voices in the hymns while Prof. Reid
pumped away at an old organ, which stood ina
small truck beside us, and played our accompani-
ment. One short funeral service followed another
and we moved around from place to place as coffin
after coffin was lowered into the frozen earth and
sobbing mourners stood around. So many died that
winter. Day after day we sang and shivered and
were awed by the sadness of it all. Neither Elaine
nor I took the flu that year, although others of our
roommates at Hydes came down with it.

The following winter when we returned to
Provo to school, some of Elaine's many friends
said, ''We see you have brought your younger
sister with you this year.'' Indeed! Though I was
smaller of course I was older and more advanced
in school and had also been there the year before.
<span id="page-??"></span>
705 Virginia

I was determined to worry less and have more fun
that year and it proved to be a challenging, wonder-
ful one for me, both educationally and socially. I
was chosen to serve as High School Studentbody
vice-president. Itook part in several plays under
the new college dramatic coach, Dr, T, Earl Par-
doe. Isang in choruses, vocal ensembles, and
did some soprano solo work, Ialso met a young
man for the first time, by the name of Daniel
Keeler, although we had been students together
the year before. His home was just a block from
the Hydes where I lived again that year. We began
dating.

I graduated from B.Y. High the spring of
1920, while Elaine took the college preparatory
course of three years high school only, so that
we could enter as freshmen together at the Univer-
sity the next fall, which we did. That too was a.
wonderful school year for me. Iwas elected vice-
president of the freshman class, Elaine and I took
private vocal from the new voice teacher, Prof.
Florence Jepperson {later Dr. Florence J, Madsen),
Again I took part in dramas, choruses, etc.,, and
had a lead in the college opera, Iwas a member
of the ladies trio that was chosen to represent BYU
at the Utah State Fair that year.. Elaine and I be-
gan singing duets together and with Prof. Jepper-
son as our coach and often our accompanist and
we were soon in much demand for school, church
and community functions, For the third straight
year we lived at Oscar and Stella Hydes. Again .
I dated Daniel Keeler, star basketball and football
player and trackman, ©

Second year college was also great and again
dramatic and musical activities took much of my
time and attention. Iwas also assistant editor of
the college literary magazine that year. Elaine |
and I, together with five of our very special girl.
friends, organized one of the first, if not the first,
social clubs at BYU. At first we called ourselves
the ''Seven Sisters'' which was later changed to the
more sophisticated O, S. Trovata. Iwas active in
Mask Club and for this group presented a dramatic
reading of the three-act play ''Merely Mary Ann",
One of the most exciting experiences of that year,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 706

however, was when I returned to my hometown of
Manti and sang as guest lead in the high school
operetta ''Chimes of Normandy" under the direction
of one of my early music teachers, Ellis E. John-
son, who was a pillar of musical strength in Manti
‘for nearly half a century.

Summers at home in Manti were busy times,
There was always plenty of work to do even after
Father married "Aunt Myrtle" in June. 1920 and
brought her home to mother us, I had many friends
and "our crowd'! had lots of good times together.
Among other summer activities I usually took piano
lessons from Prof, Lavoir Jensen but my fingers
were too short to really achieve in that field.

Most of the summer of 1922 I spent at Star
Ranch keeping house for the farm hands in the
"south home". Among the group who had to put
up with my cooking were my brother Sherman,
Uncle Joe Snow, and the foreman of the ranch,
Mr. Christopherson, whose wife had gone away
to have a baby. My friend, Daniel Keeler, was
in Canada that summer and I corresponded with
him. Each afternoon I saddled a horse and rode
a mile or so to the little village of Mona to mail
the letters I had written and pick up any there for
me. Ioften bought crochet thread at the one small
joint store and postoffice that place afforded. I
spent the evenings working on my trousseau, for
by then Iwas contemplating marriage.

Back to Provo and B, Y, U. that September
I was plunged headlong into my busiest school year
ever, Iwas nominated as a candidate for Student-
body vice-president, The campaign was a hot one
and Llost to Alice Ludlow, now the wife of present
president of B. Y. U., Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson.
My disappointment was soon smothered in a maze
of other activities. The very day of the election I
got word that my essay had been chosen as one of
the best in the Heber J. Grant oratorical contest
preliminaries. Ilater gave my paper, ''Obedience
to Law'', as an oration in the contest and won first
place, for which I received an autographed book
and congratulations from the President of the
church, Heber J, Grant. It was only the second
year for the Grant oratorical contest which is still
<span id="page-??"></span>
707 Virginia
held yearly at B, Y. U.

I took my ''teacher training" teaching a college
class in harmony, since I planned to graduate at
the end of two terms of summer school the follow-
ing summer. I had kept my grades high and taken
the maximum load, in spite of all the extracurricu-
lar activities in which I had engaged. These extra
activities continued throughout that school year.

Daniel M, Keeler, most always called ''Dan",
came down to Manti on Christmas Eve and gave me
a diamond, We were married during the holidays,
3 Jan. 1923, in the Salt Lake Temple. We had no
reception - this was a difficult time financially for
Father and Aunt Myrtle who, bless their hearts,
did the best for us they could, Father gave me
$100.00 and Aunt Myrtle gave us three or four
new pieced quilts she had just made for the family,
and sewed lingerie for me during the holidays,
working night and day at it although she was
expecting her second child, My "hope chest!'' was
the old family trunk that had been my mother's and
which I still have as a ''costume trunk''. My Uncle
Warren and Kate Snow of Salt Lake City gave us a
wedding supper at their home and we stayed at the
Hotel Utah overnight for our honeymoon, returning
to Provo the next evening and school the following
Monday morning as Mr. and Mrs. .

The extra activities continued as before.
One of the most enjoyable activities of my college
career was taking a lead in Victor Herbert's comic
opera ''The Red Mill", May 14, 1923. My husband
Dan also took a comic lead in that production,
which was mostly a dramatic part in which he
could ''fake'' the singing. I continued on to summer
school for the first term of six weeks but was
forced to drop out for the second term with only
a few more credit hours to go towards my gradua-
tion, Elaine dropped cut for the following winter
and taught in Manti, in hopes that we could both
return to college after my baby (Daniel) was born
and graduate together, But it was twenty-one
years before I returned to B,Y.U. as a student,

In the interim Dan was forced to quit school
and go to work, and we moved to Carbon county,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 708

Utah, living first in Price where he sold cars for
his brother-in-law's agency; then in Helper where
he operated a service station, and finally to the
mining camp of Latuda where he eventually went
into the coal mine there. It was by then the time
of the great depression and jobs were scarce. Our
second child, Jennie, was born in my folks! lovely
home in Manti just a short time before they turned
it over to their creditors and moved to Provo and
later Orem. Our third child, Colleen, was born
in Helper. Our fourth child, Ellen, was born at
my folks' home in Orem, and our fifth child,
Phillip, was born in Standardville, Utah, our first
hospital-born baby.

Church activity and service were important
to us, Itaught in the Primary in Price. In Helper
Iwas a Relief Society visiting teacher for the first
and only time and then was called to be president
of the Primary. One of the interesting experiences
during this service was the Primary operetta ''Rose
‘Dream'' we put on in a local theatre in connection
with the picture show, I directed and staged this
production, my first counselor took charge of cos-
tumes and scenery, and my second counselor
accompanied on the piano. The operetta was given
to a packed house just ten days before our daughter
Colleen was born,

In Latuda we attended Standardville Branch
a mile or so away - walking to and fro most of the
time. In Relief Society I served in almost every
capacity except that of president, also directing a
number of special activities, including a 'kitchen-
ette band'' to raise money for our Relief Society
library project. I put on one-act plays. I taught
a class in Sunday School. My most satisfying
church service there, however, was being presi-
dent of the Y. L. M. I. A. for more than three
years, Ialso directed the music and drama most
of the time, since we seldom could find anyone else
who would do it in that very small branch. During
this time the ladies' chorus which I organized and
directed won the Stake contest, the District,.and
was chosen to go to Salt Lake City to participate
in the All Church Chorus in the Tabernacle for
M. I. A. June conference, where it sang under
<span id="page-??"></span>
709 Virginia

the direction of the guest conductor Noble Cain,
nationally known composer and musician,

Ours was rather an odd looking chorus made
up of both young singers and some who were older,
There were two old maid school teachers from
Nebraska who were Methodists, a tall thin one and
a short plump one, and a very young new convert
straight from England among the fourteen singers
we had mustered. This young convert said to me
once, walking home from practice, ''Can one be
baptized over again? You know there is hardly
anything I haven't tried!'' Our accompanist was
the wife of the Principal of Latuda Junior High
and she was a good one. Our winning number was
"O Divine Redeemer", All my efforts, prayers
and spent time were more than rewarded when
Brother Robinson of the M. I, A. General Board
stood up in the Tabernacle at one of the general
conference meetings to evaluate the M. I. A. arts
program and said, among other things, "Out of
the smoke, dust, grime and desolation of a coal
camp has come one of the most divine ladies
choruses I have ever heard!!! I knew he meant
our chorus and my eyes filled with tears as I
trembled with emotion.

It was while living in Latuda that I first be-
came seriously interested in genealogy, encouraged
by my husband's lovely parents, Joseph B, and
Martha Alice Fairbanks Keeler, who were both
experienced genealogists. I began to search the
records for my progenitors, going occasionally to
the Genealogical Library in Salt Lake City, thena
rather humble institution in comparison with todays
world-famous organization. Dan and I both served
on the Branch and then the Stake genealogical com-
mittees, Then he was called to serve as a coun-
selor in the Branch presidency and later as
Standardville Branch President, serving as such
for a number of years,

I taught vocal music in the Latuda Junior
High School one year and was "drafted" to teach
the same at Carbon High School and Carbon Junior
College in Price the spring quarter of 1942, when
their music instructor, Ferris Edgley, was drafted
into the service. I rode back and forth on the school
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 710

bus, leaving Ellen and Phillip in the care of some
close neighbors and distant relatives, the Moffitts.
Colleen was in Jr. High at Helper and Dan and
Jennie attending Carbon High School, so they rode
the bus with me. Our son Dan graduated that -
spring. I prepared the music for the Baccalaureate
and Commencement services - it was a real chall-
enge. A few years before I had been invited to join
a Price community ladies chorus which twice each
year joined the city's male chorus in a public con-
cert. Iwas one of the leading soloists in their
presentation of Handel's Messiah at Christmastime
two different years,

- Being concerned with the cultural disadvantages
of raising our children in a mining camp.we did all
we could to combat this, Colleen took violin lessons,
Jennie studied the cello and Dan Jr. the bass fiddle,
as well as the mellaphone, We organized a stringed
quartett for a short time, with me playing the piano,
We had a family chorus but lacked a tenor, Jennie
and two of her little friends were organized into a
girls trio which we called ''The Three Little Maids,"'
They sang often at school and church, They won
first place in the Elks talent contest in Price one
year and Colleen won second on her violin. I
accompanied both. We sought the outstanding musi-
cal program on our radio, The children especially
‘enjoyed the ''All Girl Orchestra.'' Dan Jr. was in
both the Jr. High and High School bands, We
encouraged him and attended all his programs,

We sang at our work around the house, in unison
or harmony. I-can recommend singing together
as a bridge to the "generation gap"! in the family.
We seldom had disciplinary problems with our

_ children, .

‘In the spring of 1943 we moved back to Prove.
There were few houses for sale in the vicinity of
B.Y,U. where we wished'to settle, at a price that
we could afford. We finally found an old two-story
one at 362 North 400 East. We bought it and moved
in on election day in Nov. 1944, We have been
remodeling and fixing it up ever since and are
still at it. Dan has done so much work on it,
carrying out many of my ideas for beauty and his
for comfort. We have always worked well together
<span id="page-??"></span>
711 Virginia

as ateam, One of the children once said, ''There
is hardly anything that Mother can't "make up" or
Daddy can't 'make", referring at the time to an
M.I.A. roadshow I had concocted that needed as
a backdrop a giant rising moon in action. Dan
made the moon and it was so realistic that old
Ward members still talk about it.

As soon as we were comfortably settled in
Provo I went back to college at B. Y.U. Both
campuses were within easy walking distance of
our home. The requirements for graduation had
increased since I was a student there twenty-one
years before - the classes were ''stiffer''. I
changed my major from drama to music and took
as many classes each quarter for the next year,
including summer, to secure enough credits for
graduation. The graduation committee voted in
my favor and I understood later that the members
had included the excellent singing of my older |
daughters whom I had trained as one of my musi-
cal assets, I graduated in June 1945 with honors.
It was a dream come true!

Our church service did not diminish in Provo,
Dan became a counselor in the Ward Sunday School
Superintendency, a member of the Stake Seventies
Quorum Presidency for many years, and finally
President of the High Priests group in the Ward.
I served on the Relief Society Stake Board as
chorister and directed the Stake ''Singing Mothers".
I assisted with and sang in the Relief Society Sing-
ing Mothers Centennial Chorus that presented a
concert in the Salt Lake Tabernacle in 1947 under
the direction of Florence J. Madsen. I directed
choruses, plays and roadshows for the ward M.I.A.
and served as Y.L.M.1.A. president, first in the
Fifth Ward, Provo Stake and then, when that Ward
was divided, in the Eighth Ward of East Provo
Stake for well over three years, or until my health
broke. Ithen served as editor of the Eighth Ward
paper for a year-and-a-half.

In the meantime, besides engaging in some
club and civic work, Itrained and accompanied our
two daughters, Jennie and Colleen, in vocal duet
work and they became much in demand for pro-
grams, not only locally but throughout the county.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 712

f organized and directed a group of seven of our
youngest daughter Ellen's little friends in a Singing
group we named ''The Singing Sallies'', They too
were called upon to sing at church, school and
community functions without number, These were
only a very few of the activities, both musical and
otherwise, engaged in by members of our family.
Indeed we were a busy family.

Dan worked for Geneva Steel near Provo for
well over twenty years. He was active in politics
and served as Republican district chairman for
sixteen years and as a delegate to the State Repub-
lican Convention every election year during that
period. He has always been a great sports fan
and has followed the activities of the B. Y. U. foot-
ball and basketball teams with enthusiasm over
these past twenty-five years, He loves to garden
and raises lovely flowers, potting his numerous
geranium plants each winter in a make-shift nur-
sery in the basement. Together we raise beautiful
house plants, including African violets. Dan loves
to travel and he has taken numerous trips with our
eldest son, Dan, into the southern and eastern
"wonderlands' of Utah on filming excursions for
educational TV, in which the younger Dan is
engaged, The older Dan and I have driven by car
to visit our married children in New York, New
Jersey, California and Arizona. We recently flew
for a two weeks visit to a daughter's family in
Cleveland, Ohio and visited early church points of
interest while there. In these later years I have
sometimes longed to travel to distant lands, espec-
ially Denmark, should my health permit, But so
far Ihave had to be content mostly with being an
“arm chair traveler, '' where that is concerned,

Since retiring two years ago from Geneva
Steel Dan has been serving as Eighth Ward clerk,
from which position he has recently been released,
Presently the two of us are working hard together
on both of our genealogies with some success, He
goes often to the Salt Lake Temple and Genealogical
Society, He has had excellent health over the years
with the exception of a heart attack which he suffered
five years ago and from which he has made remark-
able recovery.
<span id="page-??"></span>
713 Virginia

On the other hand my physical health has
been rather poor for the past dozen years as I
suffer from rhumatoid arthritis. Severe surgery
for cancer eight years ago brought me to the
realization that I might not have too many more
years to live; that I still had important work to do
and should be getting at it in dead earnest! But
just what was the most.important work for me to
engage in during my ''bonus" years? Genealogy
was my first answer. Then recalling a blessing
Ihad been given a few weeks after my marriage
by my husband's father, who was then Patriarch
of Provo Stake, I began to puzzle over these state-
ments in it: "You have many gifts of the spirit and
natural endowments..,. You have the gift and power
of language - the ability to express your thoughts
by word of mouth and by writing. Cultivate this
gift and God will bless you, for your words will
fly as on the wings of morning to the delight and
benefit of many people; thus returning to you after
many days like bread cast, upon the waters,'"!

- [Thad never thought of myself as being much
of a writer since my freshman English class in
compo sition at B, Y.U., where Elaine got straight
A's and I was lucky to come off with C's; the only
C's Lever received in college as I recall. I had
always considered Mother, Elaine and Sherman
as the writers of our particular Christensen °
family -.and still do, Yet here in this blessing
was an indication that I could write and should
improve the talent. Why not combine genealogy
and writing? PO i

In 1962 I published a history and genealogy
of some of my mother's people, the Van Burens.
I did it as a missionary project to try and have a
hand in turning the hearts of my dear relatives
towards their fathers. It was not planned to be a
financial success - and was not. But, like bread.
cast upon the waters, much joy and satisfaction
has come to.me through this endeavor - and the
end is not yet in sight. I had long had a desire
to write my Grandmother Christensen's history
so I turned to that. My Christensen book will be
the result. Already the happiness I have gained
through the interest, kindnesses and willing
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virginia 714

assistance of my many wonderful Christensen
cousins and their descendants in this project has
made it more than worth while. I feel that the
descendants of Laurs and Else K, Christensen

have grown closer together in spirit and under-
standing. What more could Task? I couldn't

have done either of these books without the unselfish
help of my fine husband - he has gone along with. me
every step of the way.

Dan and I continue to find happiness and
satisfaction in the programs of the church, We
marvel at its growth and fulfillment of prophecy.
The Gospel of the Master is still our guide and
‘inspiration, Yet abundant joy comes to us from ©
association with our five outstanding children and
twenty-six lovely grandchildren and we cannot help
but feel that they are perhaps our greatest assets
in this life. We have complete confidence that
these cherished family relationships will continue
beyond mortality and will weather all else that ©
may stand between earth life and the eternities -
forever. How else could there be Heaven there
for us? :

Descendants of Virginia Christensen and
Daniel Mandeville Keeler: -

(A) Daniel Albert Keeler born 2 Apr. 1924 in

Prove: Ut; md. 11 June 1950 in Salt Lake City,
(Temple) Felicia Fourie (b. 15 May 1925 in

Chogiown South Africa to Abraham Petrus and

Johanne Margaret Gregg Fourie). Children,

all born in Salt Lake City, Utah:-

I, Larry Daniel Keeler (twin) b. 14 June 1952

II. Linda Dinelle Keeler (twin) b. 14 June 1952

HiIl; Bradley Fourie Keeler b. 30 Sep. 1954

IV. Susan Lynn Keeler b, 13 Sep. 1956

V. Clifton Gregg Keeler b. 3 Sep. 1962

(B) Jennie Maurine Keeler born 25 July 1925,
Manti, Ut.; md. 24 Jan. 1945 Salt Lake City
(Temple) Ray Whiteley Gwilliam (b. 14 Dec.
1924, Ogden, Ut. to John Vernal and Mary
Whiteley Gwilliam). Children, all born in
Provo, Utah except the last:

I, Linda LaNae Gwilliam, b. 11 May 1947; md
23 May 1969, Mesa, Arizona to Alan L. Gore
<span id="page-??"></span>
715 Virginia
(ob. 8 Apr. 1944, Lodi, Calif. to Olie Nixon
and Stella Mildred New Gore)
II, Dale Ray Gwilliam, b. 10 Mar. 1949
iii, John Kim Gwilliam, b. 2 Apr. 1952
IV, Virginia Jill Gwilliam, b. 14 Aug. 1953
V. Daniel Lynn Gwilliam, b. 24 Mar. 1955
VI. Lee Ann Gwilliam, b. 26 Sep, 1957
VII. Shawna Lucille Gwilliam, b. 25 June 1959
Vill. Carl Taylor Gwilliam, b. 7 Aug. 1962,
Mesa, Arizona,

(C) Colleen Keeler, born 26 July 1927 in Helper,

Utah; md, 19 Dec. 1949 in Salt Lake City, Utah

(Temple), Joseph Elroy Jones (b. 28 Sep. 1924,

Delta, Utah to Elroy Smith and Josephine Savage

Jones) Children:

I, David Elroy Jones, b. 3 Apr. 1951, Salt
Lake City, Utah

II. Richard Keeler Jones, b. 7 Feb. 1952,
Minneapolis, Minnesota :

Ill, Kristine Jones, b, 11 June 1953 S:L.C.

IV. Roger Savage Jones, b. 1 Feb. 1956
Long Island, Queens, N. Y.

V. Carol Jones, b. 7 Sept. 1958, Princeton,
New Jersey .

VI. Stephen Elroy Jones, b. 23 Jan. 1960,
Provo, Utah

(D) Ellen Elaine Keeler, born 1 May 1934, Orem,
Utah; md, 3 Jan, 1958 in Manti, Utah (temple),
Ivan Barry Thompson (b, 31 Dec, 1929 Logan,
Utah to Ivan Hall and Ella Margaret Lundquist
Thompson) Children:

I, Douglas Ivan Thompson, b. 29 Oct, (1958, :
New York City -

Il, Kathleen Thompson, b, 1 Dec, 1959,
Glendale, Calif, mo

fil, Bradford Daniel Thompson, b. 10 Jan,
1961, Glendale

IV, Ellen Virginia Thompson, b. 23 Nov, 1962,
Glendale

Vv. David Keeler Thompson, b. 12 Sep. 1964,
Fullerton, Calif, :

Vi. Jonathan Crossley Thompson, b, 12.May
1966, Fullerton

VII. Margaret Lynn Thompson, b. I7 June
1968, Fullerton
<span id="page-??"></span>
Florence LaFaun 716

(E) Phillip Fairbanks Keeler born 23 Nov. 1937
in Standardville, Utah

(12) Florence LaFaun Christensen (7) was
born 12 Dec. 1901 in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah. She
married first, in Evanston, Wyoming, Benjamin
Eugene Slagowski. Shortly afterwards, 8 June 1921,
the marriage was solemnized in the Salt Lake
Temple. Twenty-four years and some months
later, 12 Nov. 1945, a temple divorce separated
them, On 17 Nov. 1950 in Elko, Nevada, LaFaun
married her second husband, Ray Hatch Butler, a
widower with one son. This marriage ended
shortly in divorce.

LaFaun has written a sketch of some of her
activities over the years, from which we quote:--
‘In Gunnison, Utah: I sang a solo in Primary con-
ference at age five; was Sunday School organist at
age eleven with Aunt Elsie Bartholomew as choris-
ter; had a lead in the High School operetta ''Wind-
mills of Holland'' directed by Lillie Mellor Metcalf.
In Evanston, Wyoming:- While in High School I had
my name engraved on a silver loving cup trophy in
honor of our girls basketball team who won over
all the State--I was the center; was Primary Stake
organist and organist on the Relief Society Stake
Board, the youngest Stake Board member in the
church at that time, according to Woodruff Stake
President John M. Baxter; Itraveled through the
Stake with missionaries, playing for conferences
and occasionally speaking in different Wards; I was
hired by James Brown to be a substitute for the
Evanston Court reporter, Clarence Cook, when he
was out of town; I played for silent movies and with
Smuin's and Toy's orchestras for dances, with
Starkey's and Christensen's orchestra and the
Evanston High School orchestra. I worked part
time in Father's office while he was sheriff,

"In Salt Lake City, Utah:- I typed reports for
my husband who worked for the Secret Service
there. In Ogden, Utah:- Iwas a member of the
Ogden Tabernacle choir for twenty-one years;
assisted Mr. Lester Henchcliff in directing the
Singing Mothers and with the training of students
<span id="page-??"></span>
717 Florence LaFaun

and soloists for the choir; was offered a scholar-
ship to the Chicago School of Music but did not
accept because I had four children at the time and
taught piano and vocal, up to twenty-five students
for years, I directed operettas for Primary and
M.I.A. in the Ogden Fourth Ward, also Relief
Society cantatas and Boy Scout choruses, I
directed an opera for the Weber Stake M.1.A.;
directed the Twenty-Second Ward choir; directed
Weber Stake M.I.A. chorus concerts in the Taber-
nacle, with as many as two hundred and seventy-
five teenagers participating at a time, and directed
the singing in the Seven Stake Recreation meetings.

"San Francisco, Calif.:- (1945-1946) I sang
in operas with the Travis Opera Co. and with the
Player's Club, during which time I was Sunday
School chorister in the San Francisco Ward. ,
Salt Lake City, Utah:- I was choir director for the
Central Park Ward, 1946/47, during which time
we presented Handel's ''Messiah''; was McKay
Ward organist for a time and then director of the
Ward choir, during which time we presented the
'Messiah' for Easter. I directed a junior choir
of eight and nine year olds in three-part singing
in Crystal Heights Ward (the Bishop's name was
Stutz); was soloist with the Wilford Ward choir
(director Brother Ray); Sunday School chorister
in the Rose Park Ward (Bishop Newell Linford);
and was choir director in the Emerson Ward,
where I presented Handel's Messiah, using my
son Don Slagowski and his wife Betty as two of
the soloists, I also presented the Messiah in the
Poplar Grove Ward for Mrs, Ririe; in Memory
Grove two seasons at Eastertime in both the
Twenty-first and the Thirteenth Wards and also
in Central Park Ward for the second time after
twenty years. I served as Twenty-first Ward
Sunday School chorister and as Ward organist;
chorister for 'Sociables', an adult group sponsored
by the General Board of the M.I.A, and directed
their chorus in a presentation of 'The Seven Last
Words of Christ' at Eastertime at Memory Grove.
I was called on a mission by President David O.
McKay to work in the Genealogical Library for
two years, 1963-65, to convert genealogy sheets
records to magnetic tape - I completed my mission,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Florence LaFaun 718

"T worked for the U. S. Government between
ten and eleven years in the Adj-General's office
and in nearly all departments of the Veteran's
Administration regional office. Ithen acted as
medical secretary at the LDS Hospital for eight
and a half years and as medical secretary super-
visor during seven of those years, interviewing
and training medical secretaries, taking doctors’
dictations and taking full charge of thirty dictating
machine stations, etc. I then became medical
secretary for the Primary Children's Hospital for
two years, retiring from there 30 Dec. 1966,"

LaFaun bought a nice home in Bountiful and
moved there about the time of her retirement, Her
children were all married, with some of them living
in Bountiful. The habits of a lifetime could not be
discarded; LaFaun became Ward organist and
Junior Sunday School chorister in the Bountiful
Val Verda Ward, She had an opportunity to go back
to work at the LDS Hospital so she sold her home
in Bountiful after a year to one of her sons and
moved back to Salt Lake City into a small condo-
minium, buying her own apartment there on Vine
Street just north of the Salt Lake Temple. She
went often to the Temple.

Having been divorced for many years from
her husband and father of her six children, Ben
Slagowski, LaFaun was married in the Salt Lake
Temple 16 May 1968 to a widower with two grown
daughters, Willis Little Jacobson (b. 25 July 1897
in Colonia Diaz, Chihuahua, Mexico to James and
Harriet Little Jacobson), Willis has served
several missions in Mexico and is an ardent temple
worker and genealogist. They moved to his home
in West Jordan but kept her apartment on Vine
Street. LaFaun directed a presentation of 'The
Creation" not long afterwards and then left for a
trip to Europe, We received a card from her dated
in Zurich, Switzerland 16 June 1968, with a mess-
age as follows:- ''Dear Folks: Have been to London
and tried out the Hyde Park organ; also having a
copy of my great-grandmother's marriage certifi-
cate sent to me from Somerset House, Toured
Holland - Amsterdam is the largest seaport in the
world - enjoyed it more than Pearl Harbor in
<span id="page-??"></span>
719 Florence LaFaun

Hawaii. Toured Germany - now in Zurich,
Switzerland - then on to Austria, Venice, Rome,
Florence, Pisa - then Paris. I hope I can geta
plane out of Paris to join my British Mission Tour
in London for my return home. Will be gone a
month on my honeymoon - alone! Then together
we'll go to California and then Mexico, It will be
quite a summer for me. Love, LaFaun,'' While
in London and Switzerland she entered the LDS
temples there - it was a wonderful experience,
She and Willis were all ready to go to Mexico City
when her brother Rex passed away, They post-
poned their trip for a few days until after the
funeral, They were in Mexico during the Olympics
there,

We received another card from LaFaun not
long ago - this one dated 15 Feb. 1969 in Hamilton,
New Zealand. She wrote, ''Darlings: Had a won-
derful night again at the Polynesian Center in
Hawaii. Landed on the Fiji Islands and saw very
green lawns and beautiful flowers. Toured Auck-
land, New Zealand and now will be here for a
couple of days. Today we go to the New Zealand
temple and this will mean that I have gone to all
our temples in the world, I have planned this for
many years. Again, my husband wouldn't come.
He wants to go to Mexico again alone, so I decided
to complete my plans. Love, LaFaun C. Jacobson,'!

So for LaFaun a dream has come true - many
dreams in fact,

‘Children of Florence LaFaun Christensen
and Benjamin Eugene Slagowski (div. )

(A) Louis Eugene Slagowski, born 13 May 1923

in Evanston, Wyoming; md. 3 June 1948 in

Salt Lake City, Utah, Laura June Mecham

(b, 21 June 1930 in Milton, Utah to Leland

Henry and Reta Agnes Geary Mecham),

Four children:

I, Beverly Jean Slagowski, b. 3 June 1949
Salt Lake City

Il, Christine Slagowski, b. 24 Jan. 1951,
Salt Lake City

III, Val Dean Slagowski, b. 9 July 1953 S,L.C.

IV. Larry Lee Slagowski, b. 9 Nov, 1956, Price, Ut.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Florence LaFaun 720

(B) Neil Slagowski, born 9 Mar, 1925 in Ogden,
Utah; md. 1 Aug. 1951 in Salt Lake City, Leotha
Wade (b. 27 July 1923, Gilmore, Texas to Paul
and Susie Esther Amonette Wade). Their child-
ren, all but the sixth born in Salt Lake City, Utah:--
I. Randall Niel Slagowski, b. 10 June 1952.

Il, Stephen Paul Slagowski, b. 28 Mar. 1953.

Ill. LeAnne Slagowski, b. 26 Feb. 1954.

IV. Mark Edward Slagowski, b. 24 Dec. 1955.

Vv. Alan Wade Slagowski, b. 23 Mar. 1958.

VI. Brian Louis Slagowski, b. 5 Mar. 1960,
Brigham City, Utah

VII. Darrell Grant Slagowski, b. 23 Mar. 1962.

(C) Donald Elwood Slagowski, born 22 May 1927 in
Ogden; md. 28 July 1950, Bette Jeanne Hoggan
(b. 31 Aug. 1928 in Salt Lake City to Dean C,
and Elsie E, Schofield Hoggan), Children, all
born in Salt Lake City, Utah:
I, Sherrida Ann Slagowski (twin) b. 4 July 1951.
II, Deberra Dawn Slagowski (twin) b. 4 July 1951,
Ill, Michelle Yvonne Slagowski, b. 12 Jan. 1953.
IV. Stephanie Elyse Slagowski, b. 25 June 1954.

(D) Jerry Boyd Slagowski, born 11 July 1932 in

Ogden; md. 29 Sep. 1955 in Salt Lake City,

Janice Hadlock (b. 9 June 1937 in Ogden to

Heber Orlando and Norma Hannah Bingham

Hadlock). Their children:--

I. Linda Joy Slagowski, b. 26 Nov. 1956, S.L.C.

Il, Karen Christie Slagowski, b. 12 Feb. 1959,
Salt Lake City.

III. Boyd Darin Slagowski, b. 6 Oct. 1960, S.L.C.

IV. Terry Troy Slagowski, b. 13 Apr. 1963,
Bountiful, Utah

V. Jan Diana Slagowski, b. 2 June 1964, Bountiful

(E) Roger Slagowski, born 23 Feb, 1941 in Ogden,
Utah; md. 19 Mar. 1965 in Salt Lake City,
Jannigje Emmeline or 'Amy'" Anjewierden
(b. 19 Dec. 1941 in Fresland, Holland to Dirk
and Jannigje Copier Anjewierden). Children:

I. Wendy Slagowski, b. 14 Mar. 1966 Salt Lake
City; died same day S.L.C.
Il, Vivian Slagowski, stillborn 11 Dec. 1966

(F) Janette Slagowski, born 9 July 1943 in Ogden,
Utah; md. 19 Feb. 1962 in Salt Lake City, Daniel
<span id="page-??"></span>
721 Alma Owen

Pratt Topham (b. 17 June 1935, S,L.C. to
Merlin June and Dorthy Pratt Giles Topham).
Children - all born in Bountiful, Utah:

I, Lorie Kay Topham, b. 29 June 1963

II. Brenda Jean Topham, b. 16 May 1965
Ill, Daniel Pratt Topham, b. 18 Nov. 1966
IV. Glen Michael Topham, b. 20 Jan. 1969

(13) Alma Owen Bartholomew (5) was born
1 May 1902 in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah. He has
most always been called A. Owen. His mother
gave the following account of him in her Book of
Remembrance:- ''A. Owen was born in an upper
room in his grandfather Bartholomew's home in
Fayette. Both his grandmothers were in attendance,
Grandmother Christensen as the midwife and Grand-
mother Bartholomew caring for our wants. He was
blessed 1 June 1902 inthe Fayette Ward by his
grandfather, Bishop John Bartholomew... He moved
with his parents to Gunnison, Utah in 1907, where
he was baptized 10 May. 1910 by John Larson and
confirmed the same day by Andrew Thomson. He
was ordained a Deacon 7 Nov. 1915 by Ernest
Swalberg in Gunnison and attended school there
until the spring of 1916.

On 27 Mar. 1916 he moved with his mother
and brothers and sisters to a homestead ranch
some miles east of Lyman, Wyoming (called The
Oasis) where he helped his mother and the neigh-
bors on the ranch in summers and attended the
Public School and High School at Lyman in winters.
He was interested in basketball.

'In the spring of 1918 his father bought a nice
new brick home in Ogden, Utah inthe Fourth Ward
where the family moved, That fall A. Owen entered
Weber Church College (High School) and attended
that school year 1918/19, Here he did,some out-
standing work in art and was a member of the
basketball team, He was ordained a Teacher in
the priesthood 7 Apr. 1919 in Ogden.

"At the children's request the family returned
to Lyman, Wyoming the next fall and A. Owen
attended high school there that winter. In the
spring they moved to Goshen, Utah on a farm
<span id="page-??"></span>
Alma Owen 722

which he helped his father operate, but the next
winter, 1920/21, he returned to the Wyoming area
to work in the timber. This he did for two suc-
cessive winters, living with a family by the name
of Foreman, for whom he worked, By that time
his father was employed in the carpenter shop at
the Tintin Standard Mine near Dividend, Utah, and
A. Owen went to work with him and there is where
he learned his trade as a carpenter and builder.

"On 12 June 1925 he married a Goshen girl,
Anna Patricia Riley, in a civil ceremony in Salt
Lake City, Utah (She was born 1 Feb. 1902 in
Goshen, the daughter of John Theodore and Mar-
garet Halpin Riley). A. Owen and Pate, as she
was called, first lived in Goshen and he continued
work at the Tintic Mine shop, driving back and
forth. He worked here from 1922 to 1942 until he
was the oldest man there in point of service, From
1942 to 1945 he worked as a supervisor in the con-
struction of the Geneva Steel Company plant near
Provo, Utah, In the meantime he had bought a
home in Payson close to that of his parents,"'

He left Geneva and went into construction on
his own for a few years, building houses, etc. He
then joined the Davis Construction Company as
supervisor of construction and worked for that
company for many years, or until he became ill.
As A. Owen tells it, "I decided to retire due to my
poor health but I recovered and did not enjoy being
idle so went back to work again for the same com-
pany." A little later he went to work for the Rosen-
lof Construction Company. Among other things, he
has supervised the construction of numerous dis-
posal plants throughout the intermountain area and
on the coast over the years, his most recent one
being the one at his hometown of Payson, Utah.

“A, Owen retired from construction in May
of 1968. Since then he has been supervising at the
Payson disposal plant, working the equivalent of
two days a week, which is about all the law allows
for a retired person. Perhaps now he will have a
little more time to indulge some of his favorite
hobbies, He loves the great out-of-doors and to
hunt and fish. In April this year (1969) he and
Pate will visit their eldest son in Memphis,
<span id="page-??"></span>
723 Alma Owen

Tennessee--that is, as Pate says, if they can get
their bags packed and on their way before a new
baby comes along in the family; for at such times
Pate is always called to "baby sit'' - and she loves
it! The two occasionally drive out to Uinta County,
Wyoming to visit friends. A. Owen says that ''The
Oasis" is a big sheep ranch now and much of the
land around is covered with gas wells.

At present A, Owen's once light auburn hair
is beginning to gray. He used to stand at five feet
eleven inches, but says he thinks he has 'shrunk'!
a little in the last few years. His health is com-
paratively good, Though he never did much with
his ability in art, the talent seems to have been
- passed on to his children, some of whom have been
outstanding in this field, Elayne as a dancer and
Philip as a designer and decorator of some note.

Descendants of Alma Owen Bartholomew and
Anna Patricia Riley:-- oo

(A) Elayne Bartholomew, born 20 Aug. 1926 in
Goshen, Utah; md. 28 Dec. 1946 in Payson,
Utah, Lee Dell Brown (b. 13 Oct. 1926, Payson,
to Darrel and Nadine Fowler Brown), Their
children, all but the last born in Payson, Utah:--
I, Judy Lee Brown, b, 27 July 1948; md, 2 Oct.
1968 Provo, Utah, Guy Wayne Goddard (b.
13 July 1947, Idaho Falls, Idaho to Wayne’
and Marian E, Toliver Goddard. Child;
Angela Goddard, b. 21 Mar. 1969, in Salt .
Lake City. ,

II. Sharon Brown, b. 9 May 1951

Ill. Bradley L. Brown, b. 26 May 1953

IV. Scott Lane Brown, b. 31 Oct, 1955

V. Kim Brown, b, 22 Mar. 1959 . .

VI. Nicole Brown, b. 18 Oct. 1967,.Provo.

(B) Philip Riley Bartholomew, born 5 Apr. 1930
in Goshen, Utah; unmarried at present,

(C) Marilyn Bartholomew, born 13 Aug. 1933 in
Goshen; md, 22 Aug. 1952 in Payson, Bert
Howard Perry (b. 18 Oct. 1933 to Howard and
Dean Myers Perry). Six children - all but the
first born in Idaho Falls, Idaho:-

I. Deborah Perry, b. 1 Oct. 1953 in
Payson, Utah.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Orilla 724

Il, Douglas Bert Perry, b. 26 Sep. 1955
Ill. Patricia Dean Perry, b. 22 July 1959
IV. David Owen Perry, b. 1 Nov. 1960

V. Stephen Howard Perry, b. 26 July 1963
VI. Michael Jay Perry, b, 26 May 1964,

(D) Robert Owen Bartholomew, born 22 May 1937
in Payson, Utah; md. 12 June 1959 in Tetonia,
Idaho, Sally Kay Harrop (b. 1 June 1938, Driggs,
Idaho to Frank Byrd and Minnie Howard Harrop).
One adopted child:

I. Robert Craig Bartholomew, b. 20 Apr. 1967
in Ogden, Utah.

(14) Orilla Christensen (1) was born 14 Aug.
1902 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah and died 22 May
1910 in Gunnison of scarlet fever five days before
the death of her older sister, Inger Elosa, who
died of the same disease. Orilla lived to be seven
years nine months and eight days old. She was
buried in the Gunnison City Cemetery.

(15) Ruth Ellen Christensen (3) was born in
Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah 7 Oct. 1902. She was
delivered by her grandmother Else K. Christensen.
The account of her birth has been given in some
detail in an earlier part of this book, She was
baptized 11 Oct, 1910 inthe Manti Temple. She
grew up in a family of boys for her two only sisters
died soon after their births. To these five fine
brothers, towering above her, she has always been
a most loving and helpful sister. They always
speak of her with great affection and love to visit
at her home,

Ruth herself has written a brief history of
her married years, from which we quote:-- ''I
married Niels Franklin Hansen (born 28 Nov, 1899
in Centerfield, Sanpete, Utah to Hans Christian
and Anna Margaret Nielson Hansen) in Richfield,
Utah 30 June 1921. We have had a wonderful
marriage, (Cousin Byron Peterson says that
Ruth and Frank lived in his parents' home for a
short time when they were first married.) Our
first child, Franklin Duane, was born in the home
<span id="page-??"></span>
725 Ruth Ellen

of Annie Gledhill, sister of the other Bishop
Joseph Christensen. When Ellen Maxine, our
second child, was six weeks old we rented and
moved into the home I had grown up in. She
caught cold and it developed into bronchial asthma,
We have raised her on prayer since then but she
still isn't well.

"After four children the doctor said I wasn't
able to have any more. On Dec. 7, 1937 I had
triple surgery in Salt Lake City and a little over
one year and three months after that our lovely
daughter, LaDon was born, On 25 Oct, 19481
had triple surgery again and on 9 Mar. 1966 I had
another major operation - so now I should be in
fine shape,

"We lived in Sterling, Utah for awhile and
while there I taught sewing in the three older pri-
mary grades in the local school for two years, to
prepare them for High School in Manti, the first
year without pay. Itaught sewing two years here
in San Diego one day a week, under the direction
of the Adult Education program, and turned my
check over to the Ward Bishop for our building
fund project. I did alterations in a dress-making
shop here for several years, long enough to-earn:
‘Social Security.

"T have taught in M.I.A. and Relief Society
(Theology) and been a Relief Society Work Coun-
selor. My latest service was eighteen months as
a Sunday School teacher while Frank was in the
Sunday School Superintendency. Our son Duane ©
has worked with the Scouts for years. His wife,
Jean, is now Primary president, after having
served eight years as Sunday School Coordinator,
Our daughter Maxine's health does not permit
much activity but her children are all active in
the church, Garth Joseph in 1950 was all-star
softball pitcher for the church and brought the
trophy back to our then-new Ward. Since then he
has been Y,M.M.1.A. president, Branch presi-
dent, a Stake High Councilman, ona Stake mission
and inthe Stake Mission presidency and had many
other responsibilities in the church. He is now
bishop of his Ward in Escondido, Calif. His wife
Joan used to teach Seminary, then served on the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ruth Ellen 726

Relief Society Stake Board. Norma was the queen
of the first Gold and Green ball in our new Ward,
LaDon is teaching in Sunday School and has a troop
of Cub Scouts; she used to teach in Primary.

"T feel that perhaps one of my greatest
achievements is my long list of friends and the
many children besides our own grandchildren who
call Frank and me 'Grandpa' and 'Grandma', I
was written up one year in Neal Morgan's news-
paper column as having received one hundred
birthday cards that year. In 1967 we received
two hundred and two Christmas cards, plus other
greetings - so much love!" On the back of many
of the friendly letters that Ruth sends out isa
little sticker bearing the following message:--
"Dear Letter; go upon your way, over mountain,
plain or sea, God bless all who speed your flight
to where I wish you to be, And bless all those
beneath the roof where I would bid you rest, But
bless much more the one to whom this letter is
addressed.'' This message is so typical of the
love and goodwill Ruth bears her relatives and
friends and people everywhere,

Ruth and Frank make occasional trips back
to Utah, especially at deer season when Frank
goes to hunt, Their last trip to date was to attend
Ruth's brother Harold's funeral, Frank recently
retired and Ruth writes of this:-- 'Frank has just
retired after twenty-three years as a civilian
employee of the U. S. Navy, teaching the appren-
tices in electronics, He said he didn't realize how
important he had been until he was through and
they said so many nice things about him, ‘It was
just like attending my own funeral' he said. He
had his picture taken with the 'Captain of the
Island' and other naval dignitaries,'' During this
time they have lived in San Diego. Perhaps now
they will find time for more trips to visit relatives
and friends,

Descendants of Ruth Ellen Christensen and
Niel Franklin Hansen:

(A) Franklin Duane Hansen, born 11 June 1922 in
Gunnison, Utah; md. 18 Aug, 1946 in Las
Vegas, Nevada, Thora Jean Case (b. 9 Feb.
<span id="page-??"></span>
727 Ruth Ellen

1927, Annabella, Utah to Marion Arnold and

Louisa Barney Case), Two children:

I, Geraldine Hansen, b, 4 May 1947 in Gunni-
son; md, 30 June 1967 in Escondido, Calif.
to Johnie Ray McKenzie (b. 2 Oct. 1947 in
Columbus, Georgia to James Thomas and
Margaret Minerva Kimbrd McKenzie), .

Il, Arnold Duane Hansen, b. 10 Oct. 19 51 in
San Diego, Calif.

(B) Maxine Ellen Hansen, born 13 Nov. 1924 in
Gunnison, Utah; md. 4 Oct. 1942 in Yuma,
Arizona, Ervin Kenneth Hughey (b. 8 Sept.
1917, Lynwood, Kansas to Frank L. and Pearl
M. Hildebrand Hughey), They are divorced,
Five children, all born in San Diego, Calif.:

I. Kenneth Franklin Hughey, b. 8 Mar. 1943,
d, 15 Mar. 1943 in San Diego.

Il. Myrna Ellen Hughey, b. 1 Sep. 1946; md.
6 Aug. 1966 in San Diego, Jack Gordon
Wallace Jr. (b. 18 July 1947 in Keokuk,
Iowa to Jack Gordon and Josephine June
Whittle Wallace). Child:

a. Lisa Ellen Wallace, b. 29 Dec. 1967,
San Diego.

Ill. Darlene Ann Hughey, b. 12 Sep. 1948; md.
7 Aug. 1966 in San Diego, Michael Dewey
Brown (b. 12 June 1946 in Salt Lake City,
Utah to Anthony Morelos and Nellie Weiler
Brown). They are divorced, Child:

a. Michael Anthony Brown, b. 25 Oct. 1966,
San Diego.

IV. David Russell Hughey, b. 28 Nov. 1950;
md. 14 Mar. 1969 in San Diego, Patricia _
Ann Dewey (b. 27 July 1949 in San Diego to
Donald W. and Ann Obal Dewey).

V. Pamela Dean Hughey, b. 8 Sep. 1954.

(C) Garth Joseph Hansen, born 15 Apr. 1927 in

Sterling, Utah; md. 15 Jan, 1949, San Diego,
Jean Rita Baer (b. 18 Aug. 1926 in San Diego
to John J. and Isabel Tucker Baer). Their
children, the first four born in San Diego:
I, John Franklin Hansen, b. 4 Aug. 1949
Il, Keith Joseph Hansen, b, 21 July 1950
Ill. Alen Tucker Hansen, b. 12 Jan. 1952
IV. Ellen Rita Hansen, b. 17 Feb. 1954
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ruth Ellen 728

V. Karl Jay Hansen, b. 28 July 1956,
Escondido, Calif,

VI. Mark William Hansen, b. 29 Nov. 1958,
Escondido.

(D) Norma Dean Hansen, born 1 Jan. 1929 in
Phoenix, Arizona; md. 18 Oct, 1948 in Mesa,
Arizona, George Arnold Smith Jr. (b. 6 Nov.
1925 in Seattle, Wash. to George Arnold and
Jennie Rees Smith). They are divorced. She
md, (2) 9 June 1961 in Winterhaven, Calif,
Curtis Fowler Jr. (b. 18 Dec. 1936 in Hot
Springs, New Mexico to Curtis and Edith
Morris Fowler), One child by Ist marriage:
I, David Scott Smith, b. 6 Jan, 1953,

San Diego, Calif.

(E) LaDon Hansen, born 28 Mar, 1929 in Gunnison,
Utah; md, 3 Sep. 1955 in San Diego, Calif,
Gerald Henry Vieting (b. 16 Mar. 1936 to
Wallace Henry and Ernestine Bunn Vieting).
Their children;

I, Craig Gerald Vieting, b. 9 Oct, 1956,
Bethseda, Maryland
II, Debra Lynn Vieting, b. 28 Aug. 1959
Staten Island, Richmond, New York
III, Cheryl Ann Vieting, b. 14 Sep. 1960
_ Bethseda

(16) Ellen Elaine Christensen (4) writes her
own story and begins with the question, 'What am

I?'' Then she answers it as follows:--

"I'm a contradiction and a conflict both within
and without: Without, because I often feel lithe,
beautiful, free and graceful; but on passing a
mirror or on seeing my silhouetted shadow before
me, Lam well aware of the contradiction. Inside,
because I want to be good, kind, noble and great
but am beset by the willful, stubborn drives of a
true daughter of Ephraim, So many of the faults
I dislike in others, I possess; so external, internal
and eternal conflicts war. However, I have always
had great patterns to copy and am a ready repenter,
hoping for the years to mellow and perfect me; and
perhaps they will - not in and of themselves but
because of the influence of friends, family, church,
<span id="page-??"></span>
729 Ellen Elaine
and God who hears and answers my prayers,

"I know that, looking back on one's youth,
memory makes childhood a constant summer. I
have heard no tale of unusual happenings when I
was born, 12 Oct. 1902 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah,
except that Aunt Retta was furious with Father
because I came along, a ten pound tub of a baby,
to ‘little Jennie' her sister, when my sister Vir-
ginia was but thirteen months and six days old.
Our first home was on 155 North 2nd West. I
remember the house as a two-story white brick
structure set back from a black iron fence, a
space of lawn parted by a gravel path which led
to a front porch and then on around the south side
of the house to a kitchen entrance and farther on
to a large back lot with garden plot, woodpile,
outhouse and a corral, .

"Inside the house on the ground floor were a
parlor (seldom used in winters) one bedroom,
kitchen, pantry, non-plumbed bathroom, and
dining room, the latter being the family gathering
place, Here and in the kitchen were coal stoves
which furnished the only heat. I remember white
starched lace curtains at the dining room windows,
a square table, chairs, a couch bed, and the pot-
bellied stove behind which we children played house.
The old range in the kitchen was also a gathering
place, in the warmth of whose open oven door we
took our baths in a galvanized tin tub before donning

either our nightgowns or our long-legged fleece-
lined cotton union suits and long black stockings,
bloomers, flannel petticoats and starched dresses,
I remember the hum of the kettle and its steam
coating the windows which steam turned to crystal
frost before morning. We had to scratch it away
with our fingernails before we could peer out,

"There was one partially finished bedroom
upstairs, used only in summers, which we
reached by climbing up steep wooden steps, past
naked spaces of beams, braces, brick chimney
and sloping, dusty eaves of the attic - a scary
place of creaking sounds, lurking spiders and
bats - yet a place of wonders because here through
the small and only window I was lifted up to see
Haley's Comet and shivered for the end of the world.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 730

"One of our special amusements was a chair-
Swing in which we played 'train', Although the little
boys were rough and pushed it to its limit, the
swing lasted for years. Once, for some unknown
reason, I built a fire under this swing; but when I
heard mother phoning the police (with her finger on
the receiver) my repentance was swift and tearful.
One of our greatest (yet most horrifying) sports
was to be chased by the little boys with daddy-long-
legs which always seemed to be plentiful. The
dread of these kinds of insects has lasted me
throughout life.

"It was here at this old house that I learned
that if you hid raw eggs too long before Easter
they didn't smell very good, Starting two or three
weeks before Easter, our entire family engaged,
separately, in hunting, gathering and hiding eggs
under an-old tub, in the woodpile, ditch, goose-
berry bushes, etc, If we found someone else's
cache it became ours, The one to bring in the _
most eggs at coloring time got.a prize - it was as.
exciting as hiding Christmas presents. We didn't
know about the 'Easter Bunny! then, I remember:
catching toads and getting warts (disproved now);

I remember the entire family being mustered =:
together with dishtowels and papers to shoo flies
out of the screen doors; I can still smell the glue
on the fly paper which hung from ceilings and
doors, where black, shiny wings buzzed and spindle
legs tugged to get free; I hear again the seething,
droning mass of fly bodies in the wire catcher out-
side. I recall throwing Virginia's shoe out in the.
rain and being sent to get it... Just as I stooped to .
retrieve it, lightning forked and thunder broke and
I fell flat in a puddle of mud. The resultant fear

of electric storms lasted until I pretended calmness
for the sake of my own children,

"Other happenings creep along the edge of
memory as I write - the day the house caught fire,
starting and ending in the attic; the old stove-heated
flat iron scorching the window sill where someone
had set it to cool; the rocks heated and wrapped in
paper to warm our icy beds in winter; the making
of paper flowers for Decoration Day (mother
prefered wild flowers from the hills); the sweet
<span id="page-??"></span>
731 Ellen Elaine

gravy-taste of lumpydick; the pinpoint, dark eyes
of our baby tender who chanted, 'Hark, hark! The
dogs do bark; the beggars are coming to town....'
to bring us into meek submission; the dancing of
a row of paper dolls made from folded newspapers.

"T enjoyed a great feeling of love, security
and family solidarity in that old home, so it was
with a deep sense of loss that I left it to move with
the family to Mabey's house across the road west
from the school until our new home on Depot Street
was finished. It was here in the summer of 1910
that I contracted a mild case of scarlet fever and
was quarantined, along with mother, in Grandpa
and Aunt Lydia's stuffy parlor with its upholstered
furniture, gilt framed pictures, stiff lace curtains
and marble fireplace. I was happy when I was
transfered to the sitting room where the organ
was. I played school with marbles as pupils and
empty thread spools as desks, while mother wrote.
Sometimes, if I would lie still on the bed, she'd.”
sing in her sweet contralto voice a sad song about
an Indian maiden, which I shall always love ayopak
'Fallen Leaf' : igor

‘In October of 1910 we moved into our new
house via a long stepladder through the upstairs”
Blue Room window, since our lovely stairway was
being varnished. I longed for the old home one-=. :
half block away but I soon found even greater _.
happiness here with inside plumbing, clinking .
radiators, and a fireplace around which the ©
family gathered while Daddy peeled apples and
mother read stories to us. The church had no ~
need to institute.'Home Evenings' for us.then as ..
‘ours were constant, complete, and. gratefully now,
remembered,

"There was always so much to ‘do. atoutia our
new place in summers. Our big garden was. fun'-*
to.play Pioneer in; our barn made good jumping ~ “
from the loft into the hay; the long, knotted rope -
hanging from the’ apricot tree back of the house’ “'
was sheer joy to swing on. For playing Statue,
Prisoner's Base, and Steal-Sticks, our big west |
lawn couldn't be beat, or to lie on to watch cloud-
pictures in the sky, The shade of the weeping
willow tree was wonderful to sit in while mother

<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 732

read to us on summer afternoons, During many
dusk-drawn evenings our family took supper to the
fields, ran races through the clover, waded bare-
foot in the streams and gathered pretty pebbles
from the riverbed; or while listening to the sighing
winds and twittering birds in the cottonwood trees,
watch the day slowly die in the west,

"During other evenings the children of the
neighborhood met under the street light on the
corner to play Kick-the-Can or Run-Sheep-Run.,
There were other fun things I remember, like
dressing up cats and playing house with them;
playing postoffice using loose rocks in Horning's
old rock wall to put our letters under; making
honey and taffy candy; taking trips to Temple Hill
and Devils Ribs; having corn roasts at the Green
canal; swimming in the muddy, carpy Sanpitch
River; watching the 'pig-man' kill pigs through a
knothole in Alder's back fence; waiting for Mr.
Harmon's train-hack so we could jump on back and
take a ride, and playing show in Felt's barn. I
don't remember the name of those shows but I do
remember some of the lines - 'Zeek, Zeek, long-
legged Zeek. Your head is all right but you've got
such big feet'.

"T] remember special celebrations - the
Fourth of July. On the eve of the Third we laid out
our embroidered dresses, ribbon sashes, new
shoes, stockings and petticoats - all ready for the
morning salute of the guns to be up and about the
fun of the day. The band, transported on a hay-
rack, serenaded the town dignitaries and always
included our place, Then came the parade which
ended in front of the Tabernacle where the patriotic
meeting followed. The place was draped with
bunting and everybody crowded into hear, year
after year, the singing of 'The Flag Without a
Stain' and the dramatic reading of 'Ring, Grandpa,
Ring; O Ring for Liberty !' My heart swelled with
a great love for my country - would that I could
recapture more often the depths of that feeling
now! The fear of lighted firecrackers being
thrown under our feet has almost been forgotten
in the remembrance of the joy of those celebrations.
The matinee dance at Felt's Opera House (in later
<span id="page-??"></span>
733 Ellen Elaine

years at the Armory) and fireworks at our place
afterwards completed the long, satisfying day.
The Twenty-Fourth always seemed quite anti-
Climatic, except that I associated it with Chris-
‘tensen family reunions held on Grandfather
Christensen's birthday, July twenty-second and
often extending to the Twenty-Fourth.

"I don't remember too much emphasis being
placed on our church going although we were
encouraged to attend Sunday School. I don't
remember our parents going with us but they must
have gone to church in the afternoons, My bap-
tism into the church, which took place 5 Sep, 1911
in the Manti Temple, came after almost a year of
procrastination, Quince Crawford baptized me at
that time and Niels Anderson-confirmed me. I
recall going to Mutual occasionally on Sunday
evenings and that Virginia and I sang in the Ward
choir when we were quite young, Perhaps I was
the one who didn't go to church much, but I had
the same childlike faith in my Heavenly Father
that I did in Santa Claus and my earthly father. I
was ‘somewhat in awe of the first.two but I wanted
to do the things that would please each, I knew
that each had unquestioned powers to grant the
desires of people who believed, Through the years,
I think I can count the times on the fingers of one’
hand that I haven't knelt in nightly petition. =The- .
last words we heard after kissing our parents.
'goodnight' were, "Good night - hope you sleep ©
well - don't forget to say your prayers." Hell:
was a very real and burning place to mg with all
the everlasting tortures of old world beliefs, but ~
Thad faith that prayer would keep me out of it. .

"When mother was so ill and I héard doubts’
of her living, I went about my days smugly, know-’
ing that I had prayed with all my heart that God. _
would heal her and Iwas sure he would, as he
answered the prayers of faithful children. When
I heard the news of her death, I felt lost and
cheated and began to question a Father who pro-
mised one thing and gave another, I was in Heber
City at the time, staying at Aunt Retta's home. I
can still feel against my bare legs the rough boards
of the box in the chicken coop where I sat most of
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 734

the day, grieving over my lost mother and my lost
faith. Sometime before that I had learned about
Santa, too. I was sure mother knew my feelings
as she seemed so close to me after she'd gone.

"Many times, remembering mother, I'd cry.
Perhaps, besides missing her, I recalled the times
I'd stood on the rockers when she was trying to
rock the baby and wouldn't move at her first gentle
request; or when she'd asked a favor I'd been
stubborn about it and she'd tell me that I'd be sorry
some day and I'd say I didn't care. She'd look at
me thoughtfully and say, 'Well, little daughter,
when I'm no longer here then you'll care.' I
hadn't talked things over with mother like Virginia
had, but after she'd gone I told her through my
tears of my secret longings and my love for her.
Since then I've always felt her nearness and close-
ness and she's been to me an ever-present buffer
between my rebellious nature and temptation.

"Perhaps I could have been taught by my
parents to work harder and to more purpose but
they seemed to want us children to be carefree
and happy, and we were, Dad was a lawyer, County
Attorney, and finally Judge of the Seventh Judicial
District. We were comfortably situated in one of
the nicest homes in town, had one of the first
Buicks, and owned farms, sheep, cattle and
horses, In 191 Virginia and I went with our
parents to the Worlds Fair at San Francisco,
Calif. and the overflow of it at San Diego, Calif,
A few days ago, when I saw a news reel on T. V.
describing the renovation of some of the buildings
of that Fair, I recognized some of them and began
to recall some of my experiences at the Fair. I
remembered my insistence on wearing my new
Girl Scout uniform the entire trip; the little
electric one-seated carts guided by a hand bar
that we used for transportation at the Fair; the
flocks of pigeons that flew around and above us
dangerously; the lighthouse we visited and the
baby crab I picked up on the beach and hid in
Dad's suitcase, much to the consternation of the
hotel manager a few days later when he was
called in to investigate the sickening odor of decay
that emanated from the closet in our room. He
<span id="page-??"></span>
735 Ellen Elaine

found the cause and Dad found the culprit - ugh
and ouch!

"T have always liked school from the time I
entered kindergarten at the age of almost six years,
My first teacher was Miss Cox, who was keeping
company at the time with my Uncle Joseph Snow,
When he dropped in sometimes to visit, I loved to
sit on his lap to impress my teacher and school-
mates. My favorite teachers in the upper grades
were Emery G. Epperson, Andrew Judd, Elmer
Peterson and of course, Ellis Johnson who did so.
much to stimulate my love of fine music.

''My high school training was a bit sketchy.
I attended one year at Manti High and one year and
two quarters at the B. Y. High in Provo, Utah,
where Virginia and I boarded with Mr, & Mrs.
Oscar Hyde. After a six weeks summer school at
the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, where I
boarded with Aunt Retta Neff, I entered as a fresh-
man at B, Y.U. in Provo, In the spring of 1925,
after one years teaching at Manti High and Junior
High schools in between, I graduated from B.Y.U,
with high honors. The following summer I went
with B, Y. U. coach Eugene Roberts, Chick Hart,
Wilma Jeppson and Mildred Lewis to the Univer-
sity at Madison, Wisconsin, where I took speech
and physical education preparatory to teaching in
the Lehi High School in Utah County. I have taken
summer school classes, extension and corres-
pondence classes numerous times since then, until
I now have the equivalent of a Masters Degree,

"My teaching experience has beena very
satisfying one to me, Aside from the year 1923/24
when I taught music, reading and drama in the
Manti Junior and Senior High Schools, I taught in
Lehi from 1925-1937, teaching speech, U. S.
History and Physical Education in the High School,
From 1937 to 1949 I taught music, physical educa-
tion and English in the Junior High School at Cedar
City, Utah, where my husband, Edward Webb
Southwick, had moved to work as Office Manager
for Bradshaw Chevrolet Company. In 1955 1 joined
the C. S. U. faculty in Cedar City as teacher of
basic communications. My duties and time
increased until Iwas soon teaching three-fourths
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 736

time and acting as girls activity counselor. In
1961 I became an assistant professor and added
the duties of Dean of Women to my load, I
terminated my teaching at C. S. U. the spring

of 1963 except for a summer class each year in
children's literature and an occasional night class,
This year 1968/69, however, Ihave been teaching
again full time at the College but haven't decided
whether to continue longer or not, Ted and I have
recently moved into a lovely new home and I should
like to be able to enjoy it.

"Regardless of my teaching I have been quite
active in church. IJ taught Primary in the Manti
Center Ward the year 1923/24; in the Salt Lake
Eighteenth Ward 1934-1936, where I was also
teacher trainer; had charge of drama one year
each in the Twentieth and Belvedere Wards, I
served in the MIA presidency in the Eighteenth
Ward and taught the Social Science lessons in the
Belvedere Ward between the years 1933-1936. In
Cedar City I taught the Silver and Golden Gleaners
in the College or Eighth Wards; was on the MIA
Stake Board for several years before Cedar Stake
was divided from Parawan Stake and was on the
Relief Society Stake Board for about five years,

I led the Singing Mothers for many years and
helped to produce two Stake pageants. I served
as Literary leader for four or five years as well
as being director of the Singing Mothers, Iwas
on the Genealogical Society Stake Board of Cedar
West Stake for two years, first secretary of the .
Cedar City Genealogical and Historical Society,
taught a class in home records in Sunday School,
did research for hundreds of names on our Mathis
and Southwick lines, as well as doing the temple
work for about two hundred of these kindred dead
over the last years, Iwasa 100% Relief Society
Visiting Teacher for five years. Iam grateful
for these church opportunities for I know that it is
through activity that one's testimony grows,

'My music career has been a hit and miss
affair, Mother always sang at her work and taught
Virginia and me to sing and love music. She and
Father showed great interest in the cultural affairs
of the community. When I was about eleven years
<span id="page-??"></span>
737 Ellen Elaine

old Father bought a lovely Baldwin piano, which
my son Richard has now, Until marriage separated
us, Virginia and I played and sang duets and put on
numerous skits for programs. Ihad to be prodded
to keep at my piano practicing, but did manage to
play in several recitals. The first I remember
was when I played 'Scarf Dance'; Virginia played

a violin solo. The last was on Aug. 25, 1918 when
I played 'Rustle of Spring'. I could play for hours
to amuse myself, entertain others and accompany
some, In 1935 I went on Fred Graham's Lyceum
‘Bureau program tour as a reader and as an accom-
panist for Lowell Hicks, Marimbaphonist,

"Singing was more to my liking. Florence
Jepperson Madsen gave Virginia and me private
lessons for several years while we were at school
in Provo. She offered us many opportunities in
choruses, operas, duets and solos. Years later
I took from Richard Condie when I joined the Salt
Lake Tabernacle Choir as alto No. 29. While
teaching music in Cedar Junior and Senior High,

I wrote and directed my own opera, I have always
been a member of some musical group and for
several years sang the contralto solos in Handel's
Messiah, both in Cedar City at Christmas time and
in Zion's Park Easter pageants, Ihave had three
songs published; one, 'The Lions Roar' has been
the official Cedar City Lion's Club song since
about 1940, Many unpublished ones are gathering
dust in my piano bench.

"Drama! Ah, there was my heart. Secluded
in the Blue Room in Manti when I was young, I
could be anyone I wanted to be, as my mirror
could testify since I emoted in front of it through
many dramatic experiences. Itook part in most
of the plays and operettas in public school. In
Sixth Grade, how I loved 'A Dream of Fairyland’.
I would have liked to be dressed in tinsel and
gauze as Virginia and the rest of the good fairies
were, but I was better suited as a leader of the
bad elfin band, trying to coax two little children
to go astray.

"In college I took leads in quite a few
productions: Priscilla, Great Divide, Old Lady 31,
The Country Boy, The Gondaliers, and others. I
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 738

was a charter member of Mask Club and Theta
Alpha Phi at Provo, I coached two college plays,
also one opera, and assisted with the coaching of
Sazy for the Provo Stake Relief Society, which we
repeated later in the old Salt Lake Theatre, I
played one of the leads in a Salt Lake Stake play
presented at the Ralph Cloniger Theatre, Iwas
also the lead in two MIA contest plays which won
the church finals: Tombs and In Secret Places,
where I played opposite Gordon Owen, In Cedar
City Ihave played leads in Anastasia, Women Have
Dominion, The Glass Managerie, Arsenic and Old
Lace, and [Remember Mama, which we repeated
fourteen times, I have given many play readings
and solo poetry recitals. There have been so many
opportunities for me and until the last few years
I've had great difficulty saying 'no',

"Each year, besides my assigned duties, I
try to take a group of ladies and teach them how
to read and enjoy poetry, or I teach a class in
poetry writing. I have many other delightful
hobbies besides those already mentioned - tatting,
knitting, quilting, oil painting, golfing, writing
poetry, talking, playing Five Hundred, Sluff and
Bridge, and traveling. Our family has been from
coast to coast and border to border and to Canada
and Mexico, Besides exploring the scenic wonders
of our own country, my husband and I have each
been to Europe twice and to Hawaii.

"Since Ted and I were married in the Salt.
Lake Temple in 1927 (May 25) by David O, McKay,
we have had a hill and valley life together - varied
enough to remain interesting and satisfying. As it
is in any geological time, the parks and mountains
flatten out and form peaceful valleys - so it is with
our marriage. We have four wonderful children
and fifteen remarkable grandchildren, My patri-
archal blessing says: ‘One of the objects of this
life is to be the mother of a noble race of men’,
I'm sure my one lovely daughter is included in
this. If I can be judged by the accomplishments
of my children I know I have done well. Yet I
know that I have left much good undone and have
undone much good by impulsive actions,

"As yet, I don't feel too comfortable
<span id="page-??"></span>
739 Ellen Elaine

vegetating in a rocker; rather I would have my days
continue with health, purpose and diverse conflicts
and contrasts that will keep me searching, exper-
iencing, relenting and accomplishing. I would be
about my many yet unlearned lessons, I'm looking
forward to the day when, either from my rocker
or my eternal mansion, when my children can
forget my failings and weaknesses and can bring

to pass the promise given to me in a comfort
blessing by Brother Joseph A. Cornwall in 1932,
in which he said: ‘Your children will grow up and
honor and bless your memory, They will be proud
in time to claim that they are called of your name,
They will proclaim to the world in beautiful terms
your service to them, your comfort to them, your
blessing to them, and your desires of them for
their good in the earth. '"

Edward Webb Southwick, ''Ted'' was born 15
June [899 in Lehi, Utah, the son of Edward and
Rachel Ann Webb Southwick. For many years now
he has had his own tax company in Cedar City and
doesn't plan to retire. He is enthusiastic about
golf and plays a good game. He is also a great
sports fan and follows the football and basketball
conferences either in person or on TV and radio.
He keeps up a regular correspondence with his
children and travels to visit them often, in con-
junction with Elaine.

Children and descendants of Ellen Elaine
Christensen and Edward Webb Southwick:--

(A) Donna Jean Southwick, born 3 Mar, 1928 in
Lehi, Utah; md 13 July 1949 in Manti, Utah,
Robert Byron Beckstead (b. 2 July 1928,
Downey, Idaho, to Percy Norman and Leona
Celinda Hutchings Beckstead,) They are
divorced, Five children:

I. Robert Terry Beckstead, b. 25 Feb, 1950,
Provo, Utah

ll, Steven Michael Beckstead, b, 30 Mar. 1951
in Cedar City, Utah

Ill Kathleen Beckstead, b. 7 July 1954,
Salt Lake City, Utah

IV. David Norman Beckstead, b. 3 Oct. 1958,
Salt Lake City, Utah

V. Julie Beckstead, b.28 Aug. 1961,5.L.C., Ut.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ellen Elaine 740

(B) Edward Hale Southwick, born 7 Apr. 1929 in
Washington, D. C. md, 27 Aug. 1952, Salt Lake
City, Althea Beryl Sylvester (b. 2 Mar. 1930,
Elsinore, Utah to Wilford Woodruff and Minnie
Hermansen Sylvester.) Four children:

I, Edward Hale Southwick, b. 7 May 1953,
Salt Lake City, Utah

Il, Margaret Ann Southwick, b. 17 Mar. 1957,
Richfield, Utah

IIl, Elizabeth Annette Southwick, b. 10 Mar.
1960, Ogden, Utah

IV. James Albert Southwick, b. 5 Feb. 1964,
Ogden, Utah

(C) Richard Glen Southwick, born 11 May 1931 in
Lehi, Utah; md. 19 Dec. 1952, Logan, Utah,
Helen Janeen Chamberlain (b. 20 May 1931,
Ogden, to Walter Alonzo and Helen Elizabeth
Rhees Chamberlain.) Six children:

I, Shelley Jean Southwick, b. 13 Sep. 1953,
Cedar City, Utah

II, Jo Ann Southwick, b. 17 Dec. 1954, Oxnard,
California

III. Susan Elaine Southwick, b. 13 Feb. 1956,
Salt Lake City, Utah

IV. Richard Glen Southwick, b, 20 June 1957
Salt Lake City, Utah

V. Marcie Helen Southwick, b, 8 Nov. 1959,
Salt Lake City, Utah

VI. Rachel Marie Southwick, b. 19 Sep, 1961,
Salt Lake City, Utah

(D) Paul Robert Southwick, born 31 July 1933 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md, 2 Aug. 1968 in Ogden,
Utah, Suzanne Holman (b. 7 Mar 1948 Taber,
Canada to Roy L. and Bethel Sylvester Holman. )

(17) Louis Lucien Christensen (7) was born
20 Aug. 1903 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah in the old
Wasden home across the road west and a bit south
from the rock house owned by his Christensen grand-
parents, His grandmother, Else K,, likely served
as midwife on that occasion,

Lucien wasn't much more than a toddler when
his family moved a mile or so west of Gunnison to
live on a ranch owned by his father's brother, Albert.
<span id="page-??"></span>
741 Louis Lucien

The skeleton of the small log and lumber farmhouse
they lived in then is still standing (1969) on what is
now the Ray Taylor ranch, Lucien and his sister
LaFaun, two years older, were great pais. There
was no one else to play with on the ranch except
their baby brother Rex, who was sickly. Some-
times they got lonesome. LaFaun tells about
Lucien and herself running away from the ranch
one day and walking all the way to Gunnison before
they were "apprehended",

- Lucien was baptized a member of the LDS
church 5 Sep. 1911 in the beautiful Manti Temple,
a privilege made possible at that time to children
who turned eight in Sanpete Valley. Not very many
children of the church had the opportunity of having
their baptism ina temple. Soon other places were
provided for those of Sanpete Valley also,

Lucien remembers, while a boy in Gunnison,
of driving up to Manti to visit his Danish grand-
parents quite often, along with the rest of his
family. In the wintertime they would heat large
rocks to put under the quilts that covered them in
the buggy, to keep their feet warm. He says he
always looked forward to those trips with great
anticipation and happiness,

His father was away from home with the
sheep so much of the time, both winters and sum-
mers, but when he was home they had such good
times together. He remembers well the many
trips he and his father took together in the moun-
tains in the Gunnison area and later in Wyoming.
They would travel all day in the mountains, catch
fish for dinner and camp all night. He really
enjoyed those trips as a boy. He has always
enjoyed fishing, hunting and horseback riding,
ever Since he was a small lad.

Lucien was only a few months past five years
old when his father bought his grandparents' rock
house on the corner of Second West and First North
in Gunnison, This house is still standing and now
owned by Ella Knighton Hansen, Lucien visited
that home this past year (1968) for the first time
in fifty-two years, He also visited the home in
Mayfield, Utah where his father was born in 1880,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Louis Lucien 742

which is still standing and in use, and he visited
his Christensen grandparents’ graves in the Manti
Cemetery, which is overlooked by the beautiful
Manti Temple where he was baptized.

It was from the rock house in Gunnison that
Lucien first started school the fall of 1909. He
attended the public school there until he was just
past twelve-and-a-half, when his family left Gunni-
son and moved to a ranch not many miles from
Lyman, Wyoming, where his father had taken up
a homestead, On 27 Mar. 1916 the Louis D.
Christensen family, together with Aunt Elsie
Bartholomew and her five children, left Gunnison
by train headed for Wyoming. They had all slept
the night before at Aunt Emma and Uncle Charlie
Peterson's place, who lived about a mile from the
Gunnison depot. There were six children in the

Christensen family at the time: LaFaun 14, Lucien
124, Rex 10, Dale about 63, Weldon just turned 4,
and baby Alice nearly 2.

Reaching Lyman, Wyoming the group were
taken to the ranch they called ''The Oasis'' some
few miles east of Lyman, They all lived for some
weeks in two rooms of the four-roomed ranch cabin
belonging to their father's brother Chris, until
homes could be built, one on each place that Louis
and his sister Elsie had homesteaded, LaFaun
remembers that until then they were so crowded
that some even had to sleep on top of the big table
and some under. Cousin Edith Bartholomew
remembers that she was always hungry then -
there never did seem to be enough food to satisfy
them all.

Two summers living on The Oasis followed
for Lucien and the others, during which time ''fire-
bugs'' tried to drive them out, destroying one home
built by his father and, after several attempts,
burning down the other which replaced the first.
The year's crops of his Uncle Chris were destroyed
by fire, his Uncle Chris killed. They were forced
to guard what they had on the ranch with guns,
Details of this period have been given in earlier
chapters of the book. .

The families moved into Lyman in winters
<span id="page-??"></span>
743 Louis Lucien

so the children could attend school, Lucien
finished the grades in Lyman. He says, ''I could
hardly wait for school to let out each spring so
that I could spend the summer on our ranch east
of Lyman, Iwill never forget the good times I
had there - nor the heartaches !"'

His father became sheriff of Uinta County,
Wyoming and the family moved to Evanston, the
county seat. Here Lucien attended High School.

He says he played a little basketball and football
there but wasn't too good at either, Always a
modest fellow and rather quiet, we could expect
him to say that. Although he is a bit above average
in height, he has never been husky; quite to the
contrary, which might have accounted for any lack
of success he may have felt he had in football.

After graduation from High School Lucien
took a job as ticket clerk for the railroad in
Evanston. In 1925, when the family moved to
Cheyenne, Wyoming, for a time he transferred
to Cheyenne and went to work for the railroad
there, serving in many different capacities for
that organization, During the depression of the |
1930s he was laid off from the railroad for a year,
during which time he went to Ogden, Utah, and
lived with his sister LaFaun and family for a
while and then spent the winter at a C C camp
near Los Angeles, Calif,, which he says he
enjoyed. It was a change from railroading. He
was active in the church in Cheyenne, serving as
Assistant LDS Ward Clerk for several years.

He was nearing thirty-two years of age when
he finally married, He and Dora Edith Thompson
were wed in Ogden, Utah, 4 June 1935, They
made their home in Cheyenne where two sons were
born to them: Louis Lucien Jr. and Robert James,
whom they called Jim, But things didn't go well
with Lucien and Dora and they were divorced,
About ten years later Lucien married a divorcee
with three young children, Mrs. Marie Victoria
Nelson Hickey. He did not adopt these children
’ but he practically raised them. He and their
mother lived together many years until these step-
children of his were grown. But their later mar-
ried.years were unpleasant ones, especially for
<span id="page-??"></span>
Louis Lucien 744
Lucien, and they were finally divorced,

Not long afterwards he retired from the rail-
road because of poor health. He had become very
nervous, He worked his last day in Cheyenne 7
July 1965, Cousin Byron Peterson says that
Lucien worked thirty-seven years without missing
a pay check - this is entirely possible. Itisa
long time to have one's ''nose to the grindstone".
He moved immediately to Salt Lake City and
secured his own apartment. His retirement pen-
sion plus a lifetime pass on the railroad makes it
possible for him to enjoy life with little financial
worry, since he lives modestly. He lives alone
and, besides traveling quite often to visit relatives,
he attends dances and other Senior Citizen activi-
ties. He loves social dancing and is a good dancing
partner.

But Lucien's main hobbies today are his two
tall and hdndsome sons, each pushing about six
feet three inches, Both are doing very well, Jim
in real estate in the Walnut Creek, California area
and Louis Jr. as General Manager of the large
Woolco Department Store in Phoenix, Arizona.

He spends quite a bit of time with these boys and
their families, visiting each about three times a
year.

His two sons (and their families) by his first
wife, Dora Edith Thompson (div.) both born in
Cheyenne, Uinta, Wyoming are:--

(A) Louis Lucien Christensen Jr., born 8 Feb.
1936; md. 16 June 1956 in Walnut Creek, Cali-
fornia, Carolyn Lola Smith (b. 14 June 1936,
Tucson, Arizonato Mr, & Mrs, Hubert P.
Smith) Children: -- ,

I, Sherlyn Lou Christensen, b, 7 Apr. 1957,
Walnut Creek, Calif.

Il, Kathryn Sue Christensen, b. 8 Sept, 1958,
Walnut Creek

Ill. Louis Barton Christensen, b. 6 May 1963,
Monrovia, Calif,

(B) Robert James Christensen, born I Dec. 19373
md. 21 Nov. 1959 in Reno, Nevada, Rayma
Antoinette, or ''Toni!'' Kinnee (b. 26 Oct, 1938
Yuba City, Calif., to Lloyd B. and Patricia
<span id="page-??"></span>
745 Edgar Dee

Helene Peet Kinnee.) They have no children
at present.

{18) Edgar Dee Bartholomew (5) was born
21 Aug. 1903 in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah. His
mother wrote a history of him and placed it in
her Book of Remembrance from which we quote:--

"Edgar was blessed by his paternal grand-
father, Bishop John Bartholomew, 4 Oct. 1903 in
the red stone church in Fayette. His grandmother
Christensen took him to the Manti Temple 5 Sep.
1911 where he was baptized a member of the LDS
church by Quincy G. Crawford and confirmed the
same day and place by Nils O. Anderson Jr. He
was ordained a Deacon in Gunnison, Utah 7 Nov.
1915 by Adolph Peterson.

"Edgar's family moved from Fayette to
Gunnison the spring of 1907, when he was nearly
four. His father bought a fine red brick house
there from Lafe Bown, Edgar started grade
school in Gunnison, beginning in the fall of 1909
when he was six and continuing each school year
until the spring of 1916 when he was going on thir-
teen, The red brick house was sold to his Uncle .
Arthur Christensen and he and his mother and
brothers and sisters moved into Uncle Arthur's
old house in southwest Gunnison, once owned by
Uncle Chris. This was in the late fall of 1915.

"On 27 Mar. 1916 Edgar, together with his
mother and brothers and sisters and also his
Uncle Louis Christensen's family left Gunnison
by train for Lyman, Wyoming, from where they
moved onto a homestead about six miles east of
Lyman, which had been taken up by their mother.
Here the family lived and worked in summers and
moved to Lyman in winters where the children
could attend school. Edgar must have finished
grade school there. ©

'In the spring of 1918 his family moved to
Ogden, Utah, where his father had bought a nice
new home in the Fourth Ward. Edgar attended
. school that winter in Ogden. He was ordained a
-Teacher in the LDS priesthood 1 Apr. 1919 by
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edgar Dee 746

Hyrum E, Lund. The family moved back to Lyman,
Wyoming that spring and lived for another year,
Edgar again attended school in Lyman,

"The spring of 1920 his family moved to
Goshen, Utah, on the Robert Boswell farm,
Edgar helped his father on the farm, He loved
to ride horses and became very proficient in that,
soon taking part in rodeos, He was also interested
in electrical work, He got a job with the Phoenix
utility line, working from Santaquin to Eureka
under Superintendent Whipple, and enjoying the
work continued in that occupation,

"In 1928 he worked in Chicago,. Illinois and
then in northern Texas for Texas Power and Light
Company. . Then he worked in Merida, Yucatan and
then in Mexico for awhile, returning to Utah in
September 1930, He started work for the Tintic
Standard Mining Co. at Dividend, Utah, and worked
there during 1934/35. In 1936 he went east and
worked in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. During
World War II he worked in the shipyards. From
there he went to Louisiana and Mississippi, work-
ing for Stone and Webster Electrical Co. He then
went to work for an electrical company in Alabama,
Mississippi and Tennessee, from where he was
called to Little Rock, Arkansas to supervise some
electrical construction lines going out of that area,

"] May 1953 Edgar returned to Utah and went
to Moab and worked in the uranium business until
Jan. 1954 when he went to Salt Lake City to have
surgery for the removal of a cataract from his
right eye, by Drs. Palmer and Quinn, (During his
recovery his father passed away, 6 Mar. 1954)
After two months rest he returned to work at
Moab‘but had to quit again for surgery on his left
eye. A cataract was removed from that eye 11 Jan,
1956 by the same doctors who took care of the right
eye. Both eye operations were successful, While
recovering from the second he had some improve-
ments made at the family home in Payson, where
he lived with his mother whenever he was in the
area - anew gas furnace and water heater and an
Admiral color TV installed. When fully recovered,
Edgar returned to: Moab where he was interested in
some uranium claims, returning to Payson from
<span id="page-??"></span>
747 Edgar Dee

time to time to look after the needs and interests
of his mother,'!!

Following the death of his mother in June
1964, and after the family home was sold, Edgar
returned to Moab, Utah to make his permanent
home, During 1966 he built himself a large boat
to sail on the Green River there. He also owns a
large trailer house in which he lives, and some
uranium claims. He enjoys life, working his |
claims, prospecting, fishing, boating, and has
become a typical "rock hound", He is unmarried
at the present time (1969) and has no descendants.

(19) Wendell Bartholomew Christensen (2)
sent his interesting history in installments, we
could hardly wait for the next mail. Here it-is:--
"I was born 26 Oct, 1903 in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah
in the same house my mother, Sarah, had been |
born twenty-eight years before. Descendants of
the builder, my grandfather John Bartholomew,
still occupy the place.

"One of my earliest recollections was a trip
to Europe at age six-and-a-half. Father tooka
leave of absence from his school work in Salt Lake
City to study in England, France and Germany, and
took the whole family along. I started school at.
Leipzig, Germany and soon felt at home with the ©
German children. When we returned to America |»
in 1911 we settled in Provo, Utah, where Father —
was appointed head of the Language and Archeo-
logical depts. at BYU. Edythe and I were placed
in the BYU Training School. Here I was baptized
a member of the church, 21 June 1912, by Willard
F, Russell and confirmed the same day by Reed ©
Beck.

"From Provo we moved to Rexburg, Idaho,
where father had been appointed President of Ricks
Junior College. Here I first received the priest-
hood, being ordained 26 Nov. 1916 by L. T. Perry.
I also received a patriarchal blessing which has .
been a great source of encouragement and guidance
all my life. From Idaho we moved to Laverkin in
Utah's 'Dixie' where we spent some eventful years
developing a hot springs resort and trying to start
<span id="page-??"></span>
Wendell Bartholomew 748

an irrigation project to water several thousand
acres of what could have been wonderfully produc-
tive land, It failed at that time but was just
recently approved by the U. S. Government after
a wait of about fifty years.

"From Dixie we moved to Hinkley, Utah,
where Father answered a call by the church to.
organize the Millard Academy into a junior
college. About this time the church decided to
abandon the church school system with the excep-
tion of BYU and Webér and LDS Colleges. So
father left the teaching profession for business
and ranching. He acquired the Star Ranch with
his brother Albert and brother-in-law Otis
Ursenbrach and later bought a cattle ranch near
Duchesne, Utah. My days as a ranch hand and
farmer lasted until the farm depression in 1923
when financial reverses caused the loss of the
ranches and the family moved to Salt Lake,
where father went into business promoting his
various mining and metals interests and we older
children got jobs. I spent several years in mining,
first in Farmington, Utah, and later in California,

"It was while living in Salt Lake and going to
school at the U of U that I first met Ann Howells,
a popular member of our Ward's younger set. We
were in an MIA play together and our friendship
blossomed into love. Iwas called on a mission
to Germany in 1925 and after my farewell party
in the Ward, I sat on the church porch with Ann
while the church almost burned down. A thief had
broken into the chapel hoping to find the money
donated for my mission expenses and had dropped
a match which started the blaze. Ann and I corres-
ponded while I was in Germany and shortly after
my return we became engaged,

''My mission in Germany was a wonderful
experience. Because of my earlier trip there I
learned the language easily and was blessed with
some fine missionary companions. I labored first
in Dresden, a beautiful city rich in tradition and
culture, where I met many faithful, warm and ©
friendly people and learned to love them like my
own family. Later I was sent to Breslau as
District President and it was here that I hada
<span id="page-??"></span>
749 Wendell Bartholomew

remarkable experience. The mission president
had called a conference for the whole mission, to
be held in Dresden, a distance of about three hund-
red and twelve miles from Breslau. . It was sug-
gested that the Elders from each District walk the
whole distance and tract and preach the gospel on
the way. We were all excited at the prospects,

but two weeks before the conference it started to
rain and rain and rain without letup;. All over
Germany the crops were being ruined and things
were developing into a national emergency. The
mission president sent word that we should give

up the idea of walking unless things changed well
in advance of the date. Those in our District met
together, prayed and discussed the problem, decid-
ing that if the Lord wanted us to do his work the
way would be opened. . We also decided that we |
would fast the day before that set for our departure,
then meet the next day for our final prayers and
take our separate courses two by two. There were
Sixteen of us, making eight different groups.

''When the final morning arrived it was rain-
ing hard and the skies were leaden; the papers ©
predicted more rain. Undaunted, we met at the
appointed place with our knapsacks filled with
gospel tracts, heavy soles on our shoes, and
prepared to depend on the hospitality of the Ger-
man people during our three hundred mile walking
tour. We sang a song and prayed together, asking
the Lord to clear the skies. A few words of encour-
agement were given and we went downstairs and out
into the street. The rain had stopped and patches
of blue sky appeared among the clouds. For two
weeks we walked under warm, blue skies and were
welcomed by farmers and villagers who had been
thoroughly humbled by prospects of lost crops. As
one hundred sixty footsore missionaries arrived
in Dresden to commence a three day conference
and testimony meetings the skies suddenly darkened
and it began to rain again. I have never heard
more wonderful testimonies than those given by
these Elders relating their experiences - some
really miraculous. Meetings lasting ten hours
each passed without notice; we wondered where
the time went. Sheldon had been called to Ger-
many on a mission a year after I left and I had
<span id="page-??"></span>
Wendell Bartholomew 750
the privilege of being his first district president.

"When I returned home our family was having
financial problems. Finances for both Sheldon and
my missions had been mostly earned by mother
from sewing burial clothes in partnership with
another sister of the Ward. Her sacrifices and
labor will always be remembered with gratitude
and love. This was March 1928 and I left shortly
after for Los Angeles, Calif. to help father with
his mining projects. These ventures were not |
successful and in June 1929 I returned to Salt Lake
to marry Ann and then moved with her back to

Los Angeles, where we began Keeping house in a
small apartment on Portland street.

"Iwas unable to support a wife working for
Father and soon set out on my own, I got a job
selling Christmas cards until the holidays ended
and then tried selling real estate. I did fairly well
but was unhappy with the people for whom I worked
and finally got a job with the Standard Oil Company
as a fireman at their El Segundo plant. I remained
with Standard Oil for most of a year, receiving
some promotion and saving some money, but the
depression of 1929-1933 had already hurt the oil
business and Standard suddenly laid off 2500 men,
including myself. By searching the papers I found
a selling job with the Club Aluminum Co, .demon-
strating and selling cooking utensils.

"T began to realize that Iwas not paying my
‘tithing. Money from commissions came in a few
dollars at a time and was spent as it was received,

I placed a small canvas banksack in the pocket of.
the car and if I earned ten dollars, one dollar went
into the sack. At the end of the week I would pay
the money to the Bishop. From that time forward
we began to prosper and receive guidance and bless-
ings. All during the depression years we had work
-and an income,

"I was called to be Superintendent of the
Wilshire Ward Sunday School, which at the time
was the largest Ward in the church, with over 3200
members, After a year Iwas called into the office
of President Cannon of the Los Angeles Stake and
told that Ihad been chosen as Bishop of the Santa
<span id="page-??"></span>
751 Wendell Bartholomew

Monica Ward. I had just turned thirty-one, had
never seen the Santa Monica Ward and did not know
any of the people. When I told my wife she thought
it was a joke. However, we accepted the call and
moved to Santa Monica. I served for a month with-
out selecting my assistants in order to become
better acquainted with the people, but finally made
my selection of Counselors and, by special per-
mission, chose one of the sisters as Ward Clerk,
It was a fine experience and we made many wonder-
ful and lasting friends. One of my first official
acts as Bishop was to perform the marriage cere-
mony for my brother Luther and his sweetheart
Velda Peterson,

"In 1936 my company transfered me to Long
Beach as branch manager of the office but I con-
tinued to serve as Bishop in Santa Monica for
almost a year after, traveling back and forth for
all meetings, rain or shine. We carried our baby,
Bart, in the car with us and he was always smiles
day or night. I was finally released and then called
as counselor to Bishop Henry Carlson of the Pine
View Ward in Long Beach, where I served until
we returned to Los Angeles in 1939. I had just
been made the regional manager of the Century
Metalcraft Corporation over all of southern Cali-
fornia. I gained a strong testimony of the way the
Lord blesses us if we try to serve him. I had been
told many times by my boss that if I would only
spend less time in church work and use Sundays
for making sales I would go far with the company.
However, he was made vice-president of the com-
pany and transferred to Chicago and I was given
his job in Los Angeles and we became one of the
leading offices in the country with more than one
hundred salesmen. When the Second World War
started President Roosevelt issued a direction
withdrawing all metals from private business use,
except by special priority. Our business, being
what was considered a non-essential industry,
was soon doomed. I bought and stored all the
aluminum cooking utensils I could from the factory
in Los Angeles, but after six months of hopeful
struggle we had to announce to our sales force
that the end had come and to look for other work
in the defense plants.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Wendell Bartholomew 752

"By this time I had a wife and two growing
sons and we were soon blessed with twin daughters.
I felt that I must now find a business that could not
be damaged by changing conditions, I decided to
apply to the Occidental Life Insurance Company
where my brother Sheldon was then employed.

This was in November 1942. Iwas accepted and
soon trained and under way; the choice turned out
to be a wise and profitable one. Early in 1944 my
“manager was sent to San Francisco as branch man-
ager there and soon wrote and asked me to come
north to be his assistant. Ann and I went to the
Bay City to look things over and were impressed,
so I accepted.

"T moved to San Francisco first, intending to
find a place for my family, but every available
place was reserved for war workers. We were
invited to live with first one family of friends and
then another, until I finally got permission from
the government to build a house, and the Occidental
~ Life Insurance Company agreed to advance the
needed money to purchase a lot and needed materials.
Ann and the children were sent to Salt Lake City to
live with her mother, now a widow, while the house
was under construction, It was expected to be
finished within sixty to ninety days, but because of
the war and difficulty in getting materials, it took
more than nine months, This was aperiodof |
strain, especially for Ann, but finally the house
was finished in time for us to move in for Thanks-
giving 1946. It was a real Thanksgiving for us,

We were together again and in a home of our own,
and our business was prospering. The Lord had
been very kind and blessed us abundantly.

"The year before, 1945, my boss had decided
to move back to Los Angeles and, after some dis-
cussion at the home office, Iwas given his position
in San Francisco. At first I was placed on salary
with the title of ‘Acting Manager' but after one year
was given the full title of Branch Manager and an
overwriting on all the business produced by the
office. We prospered and built the business to a
production of over $20, 000, 000 per year. Yes,
we were blessed in many ways!

"T was called to be the Stake Superintendent
<span id="page-??"></span>
753 Wendell Bartholomew

of the Sunday School in the newly created Palo Alto
Stake and then, after a year, as second counselor
to Stake President Claud B. Peterson. About a
year later he was called to Salt Lake to be secre-
tary of the Quorum of the Twelve. His first coun-
selor was made Stake President and I became first
counselor, When the new Stake President, brother
Henry Jorgenson, was sent to Florida to head the
church Welfare farm there, I was set apart as
Stake President of Palo Alto Stake by Elder
Stephen L, Richards, 30 Apr. 1950.

"J was released as stake president in 1953
and shortly thereafter left Occidental Life to go
into business for myself, I took a general agency
with Beneficial Standard Life Insurance Co. of
Los Angeles, and in 1956 made an additional con-
nection with Financial Fund of Denver, Colorado.
Since then I have continued in the business of estate
programming, using life insurance and mutual
funds, increasing our operational scope and adding
and training new salesmen, We changed our dealer
connection from Financial Industrial Fund to Kelly
and Morey, Inc. of Denver in Feb. 1966, In May
1967 we merged with the Equity Funding Corporation
of Los Angeles, and I became vice president and
Divisional Sales Manager of the San Francisco area.

' "I have known the healing power of the priest-
hood. In 1948 when we were landscaping our back
yard I was operating a rototiller, a powerful
machine with a series of spring steel hooks which
rotated under a heavy steel cover. In attempting
to turn a corner I put one foot forward to. brace

myself and one of the hooks caught the. roll in my
Levis and my leg was drawn under the hood and
through the hooks until the leg, from ankle to,
thigh, was hanging in shreds, Iwas rushed to the
hospital and the doctors worked all night cleaning,
cutting and sewing over 300 stitches, They had
little hope of saving my leg. As soon as possible
Presidents Peterson and Jorgensen came and
- administered to me and in two weeks I was up and
starting to walk. It took time but as the months
passed the pain left, the leg took on a normal
shape and the feeling began to return, Today the
scars have almost disappeared and the leg is equal
<span id="page-??"></span>
Wendell Bartholomew 754
in every way to my other - a miracle!

"During these last years I have served in the
church as a Seminary teacher six years, as Semin-
ary Stake Coordinator three years, the last year
supervising the Seminaries of both San Mateo and
San Francisco Stakes. Iam also serving as a
member of the San Mateo High Council, and as
such acting as advisor to the 458th Quorum of
Seventies, the Stake Mission and Educational
advisor. We have seen the church in this area
grow and prosper. When our Stake was first
divided from San Francisco in 1945, there were
only some 2200 members living in the area from
South San Francisco to Monterey which was then
a Mission. The only chapels were in Paio Alto
and San Jose and they were small and inadequate.
At this date, 1967, there are five Stakes with
about 30, 000 members and beautiful chapels dot
the whole area. We were privileged to attend the
dedication of the beautiful Oakland Temple and hear
the Prophet David O, McKay set it apart as a house
of the Lord for the performance of the sacred and
eternal ordinances,

"We have been wonderfully blessed as a
family. Our children are all successfully and
happily married, Ann and I are rather enjoying
the quiet of the home with all of them gone but we
can hardly wait for each opportunity to visit their
families and hope that the coming years will bring
a great increase in our posterity. We have been
blessed with wonderful health and in times of trial
and stress we have been strengthened and comforted,
We are both deeply grateful for our wonderful
parents, brothers and sisters, and all the far-
flung branches of our families, and for the love
that binds us together.

"Our testimonies have been strengthened with
the years as we have seen the guiding hand of the
Lord in all that we have done. Time and space will
not allow me to relate a hundredth part of the bless-
ings which He has poured forth upon us and our
families, We can only express our gratitude and
bear witness that He lives, that He hears and
answers prayers, that He is merciful, kind and
forgiving. We pray that we may serve Him all
<span id="page-??"></span>
755 Wendell Bartholomew

the days of our lives and that our posterity will be
true and faithful members of His church and king-
dom forever,'"!

Descendants of Wendell Bartholomew and
Ann Frances Howelis Christensen:--

(A) Wendell Bartholomew Christensen Jr., born

1 Apr. 1932, Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 21 June

1957, Los Angeles, Calif., Barbara Jean

Shankey (b. 1 May 1932, San Francisco, Calif.

to (Dr. ) Alphonso Oliver and Marguerite Cooley

Shankey). Children, all adopted:--

I, Jody Marguerite Christensen, b. 23 Oct.
1960, Provo, Utah

II. Jeffrey Bart Christensen, b. 19 Mar. 1962,
Ogden, Utah

fil. Jonathan Robert Christensen, b. 21 Dec.
1963, Burlingame, Calif.

IV. Jennipher Ann Christensen, b. 1 Apr. 1966,
Los Angeles, Calif.

(B) Andrew Howells Christensen, born 6 Apr. 1936,
Santa Monica, Calif; md. 26 Aug. 1966, Salt Lake
City, Ut., Carol Louise Geyer (b. 30 May 1941
in Amboy, Illinois to Ralph Peter and Margaret
Evelyn Carson Geyer) Child: |
I, Lisa Ann Christensen, b. 28 Mar. 1967,

Salt Lake City

(C) Suzanne Christensen (twin) born 24 June 1941,
Los Angeles, Calif; md. 17 July 1965 in Los
Angeles, Richard John Tannyhill Jr. (b. 6 Aug.
1931, Los Angeles to Richard John and Jeanne
F, Cox Tannyhill) Child:

I, Richard John Tannyhill b. 25 Apr. 1966,
Fullerton, Calif.

(D) Diane Christensen (twin) born 25 June 1941,
Los Angeles; md. 8 Aug. 1967, San Mateo, ~
Calif. John Clement Budd (b. 9 Jan. 1940,
Woodbury, New Jersey, to Leon Abbott and
Grace Messick Budd). :

~., (20) Byron Charles Peterson (6) was born
Wed. 27 July 1904 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah.
His grandmother Christensen was in attendance at
the birth. There was a small earthquake in the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 756

area that day and when the house began to shake
she thought his father had run into it with the
wagon. There was some damage done by the
quake. On their place the old well sunk and the
city ditch broke, a neighbor's shed caught fire
and burned and the Richfield Tabernacle in
Sevier County cracked,

Byron was quite badly tongue-tied as a child
and couldn't talk plain. Even after several clippings
off and on, by Dr. Hagen, he still had some trouble,
In fact he says that even today he has trouble with
his W's, though we've never noticed it. He was
also a rather determined child, but whether he got
that from his Danish or his Swedish ancestors we
cannot say. He sometimes took his ill-temper out
on his father's pigs, of which there were usually
over a hundred. He would throw rocks at them or
hit them with sticks to make them squeal. He
remembers that they used to squeal real loud when-
ever grandmother Christensen came on a visit and
she would say, ''those poor pigs are hungry" and
go out and throw them some extra handfuls of
grain. She had a soft spot in her heart for pigs
and they always seemed to know when she was
around and took advantage of it.

Byron was baptized in the Manti Temple a
few weeks after he turned eight, 20 Aug. 1912.
His mother took him there. There was another
boy from Gunnison there with his mother for the
same purpose, and after he was baptized he
broke away from his baptizer and took a good
swim in the font before they captured him and
brought him out for confirmation. This boy's
mother was so embarrassed she hardly ever got
over it. Byron decided that if he ever got another
chance at baptism he would do the same thing - but
he never got another chance.

He was about eight when he started helping
his father on the farm. About his first job was
raking hay. He loved the farm and turned out to
be a farmer and cattle raiser for much of his life,
He says he was somewhat of a runt when he was a
boy but that when he started to grow it seemed the
sky was the limit. He grew to be a tall, big fellow
with a big heart. School to him in his early years
<span id="page-??"></span>
757 Byron Charles

seemed an unnecessary encumbrance, though he
put up with it. In the fifth grade he had whooping
cough real bad and was out part of the year. He
says it took him nine years to get out of the first
eight grades and he was lucky at that. His cousin
Melrose, a year younger, was in his same class
the last few years and was "pretty smart", Byron
attended first year High School and a good part of
Second in the old Gunnison High School building
and then one day in early spring of that second year,
a few weeks before they were to move into the new
high school building, he had an argument with one
of his teachers, an old maid. She insisted that he
make up some back work and he said he wouldn't
do it and quit school then and there - anyway he
was needed by his father for spring planting. He
never went back to school and from that time on
carried a full load on the farm.

Byron remembers attending Sunday School
and Sacrament meetings, and later MIA, but never
Primary. He didn't like Primary. His mother was
very active in the church, as were his two younger
sisters, His father was active also, as far as his
work would permit, and became Bishop of the
Hamilton Ward, Sometime after his mother's
death in 1927 he was approached by the man who
was then his Bishop, in a more or less casual
manner, about serving a mission for the church.
Byron made it known that he was not interested,

He was keeping company with a girl he liked and
contemplating marriage, although she didn't know
it. After a time they broke up, Then 11 Dec,

1929 his father married a widow with three child-
ren who lived in Redmond, This disturbed Byron
a great deal also. He wasn't long after that getting
word to the right parties that he wanted to serve a
mission,

He was called to go to South Africa, one of
the most distant missions of the church, After he
and his father had visited around in Gunni son,
Goshen, Provo and Salt Lake with various relative Ss,
he entered the Mission Home in Salt Lake City 10
Mar. 1930, He was going on twenty-six years of
age. He was set apart for his mission by Richard
R. Lyman and left by train for Chicago 20 Mar, at
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 758

12:35 p.m. The group of outgoing missionaries
stopped over at Chicago and visited points of
interest and also stopped to see Niagara Falls
enroute. Arriving in New York City they spent a
day seeing the sights and sailed next day on the
"American Farmer' ship for England, docking nine
days later, 3 Apr. 1930 at Plymouth, where they
were welcomed by President Lund. They spent six
days viewing the sights of London and surrounding
areas, Then those going to South Africa left
Southampton, England on board the German ship.
"Adolph Werman'! 9 Apr. They arrived in Cape-
town, South Africa 1 May 1930. ;

Byron spent sixteen months laboring in the
Capetown area. On 21 July 1930 in the nearby
town of Woodstock he met an investigator, Johanna
Gregg Fourie, and her husband and children who
were then members of the Dutch Reformed Church,
Several years later Mrs, Fourie and most of her
children joined the LDS church and she credits
.Elder Byron Peterson as having had a great deal
to do with their conversions, The youngest Fourie
child, a daughter Felicia, who was five years old
when Byron met the family, later came to Utah and
married his cousin's son, the oldest child of
Virginia C. and Daniel M. Keeler. Mr. Fourie »
joined the church many years after his wife and
came with her to Utah in 1952 to see Felicia and
her family. Here they were permitted to go to the
Salt Lake Temple for their endowments and sealing,
having Felicia sealed to them also. They visited
Byron and his family in Gunnison and Mrs. Fourie
spoke in their Ward and told Byron's part in con-
verting her family. He was the third LDS Elder
she ever met. (Mrs. Fourie, now eighty, has been
head of the Primary in South Africa since the day
after her baptism, some more than thirty-four
years ago, She was recently honored with a
write-up-and picture in the Church Section of the
Deseret News. )

"Following his time spent in Capetown, By-
ron served another year in East London, South
Africa, his missionary service being twenty-eight
months in all, not counting traveling time. He left
Capetown 9 Sep. 1932; arrived in Southampton,
<span id="page-??"></span>
759 Byron Charles

England 26 Sep. and left there 28 Sep., docked at
New York City 4 Oct. 1932 and got in Salt Lake
City 8 Oct. General Conference was in session
there and he was met by his sister Ada and her
husband Lin, When he returned to Gunnison he
had been away from home a few days more than
thirty-one months, He was then twenty-eight years
and three months old, His mother, of course, was
gone from the home; his father spent most of his
spare time with his second wife at her home in
nearby Redmond. Ada and her husband had moved
to Delta, Utah; the country was in the midst of the
great depression of the 30's and the Peterson
ranch looked pretty well run down because of it,
and he and his sister Imelda were pretty much
alone, After looking over this gloomy situation,
Byron said he sat down and wept half the night.
Similar fits of discouragement strike numbers of
missionaries upon returning home from success-
ful, wonderful missions,

But Byron soon threw himself into the work
on the farm, along with his father. He also became
very active inthe Ward, especially in the MIA.

He loved to dance and never missed an opportunity
to attend a church dance or social. Being an
eligible bachelor he was undoubtedly much sought
after as a partner. He had always liked girls and
felt at home with them, having been raised with
sisters. And though he may not have admitted it,
he was looking around for a wife, This went on
for some three years following his return from
his mission.

In August of 1935 a very special event, long
in preparation and well developed, was to be held
on Temple Hill in Manti. A religious pageant with
choruses and trumpeters was to be presented
directly east of the temple, during which time
flood lights were to be turned on, illuminating
for the first time the outside of the beautiful
temple in all its glory. All the people of Sanpete
Valley and the temple district were invited and
guests were expected from all over the state.
Byron had arranged to take six widows from the
Ward in Gunnison with him in his car to Manti the
evening of the presentation, They were driving
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 760

along main street in Manti when he caught sight of
a Manti girl he knew walking along with another
girl towards the temple. Always friendly, he
slowed down and called to the girls. "I'll be back
to pick you up."

Depositing his load of widows at the temple
gate he drove his car back and picked up the two
girls, being immediately introduced to Mildred
Olsen, a girl from Manti who was working as a
practical nurse in Salt Lake City but who had
returned especially for the pageant. (Her boy
friend was ushering at the west gate and couldn't
escort her to the affair but planned to walk her
home after - though she didn't tell Byron Peterson
that.) Taking his car seat from the car, Byron
invited Mildred to share it with him sitting on the
temple lawn, which she did. They spent a wonder-
ful evening there, Mildred, writing of it later, had
this to say:-- ''What a glorious sight to behold -
the inspiring pageant - the magnificent temple
flooded in light - a throng of thousands of people
seated on lawns, walks and hill. Even old Mother
Nature added her blessing by furnishing a total
eclipse of the moon at a very dramatic moment,
plainly visable to all, which greatly enhanced the
scene of unusual splendor." It would have been a
wonderful night to fall in love and perhaps the two
did, though they may not have known it then - for
Cupid is a sly one,

Byron went back to Gunnison afterwards with
his load of widows and Mildred strolled home with
her boy friend. Returning to Salt Lake she found
it hard to forget the evening and Byron Peterson,

She dropped him a card at Christmastime, men-
tioning how much she had enjoyed that August even-
ing and discreetly jotting down her Salt Lake address
in small letters in one corner, Byron took the bait
right away and began driving up to Salt Lake to see
her. The trouble was, however, that he seldom
made appointments. He was as apt as not to leave
Gunnison after work with one of his Peterson cousins
and a load of pigs to deliver. He seldom found her
home since she would be out on various cases, One
time, learning that a Gold and Green Ball was to be
held in her Salt Lake Ward, he came all dressed up
<span id="page-??"></span>
761 Byron Charles

to take her to it, without any notification, but found
her tied with a patient she could not leave. Another
time when he called in to see her she had been left
to care for three little children, in the absence of
their parents, They attended an afternoon movie,
taking the children with them. They really had
quite a difficult time getting together - but it was
thus they courted.

Byron Charles Peterson and Mildred Eliza-
beth Olsen were married 22 July 1936 in the Manti
Temple, five days before his thirty-second birth-
day. She was twenty-nine and a half (b. 1 Jan.
1907, Ferron, Utah to Andrew Christian and
Hannah Elizabeth Hansen Olsen), Both Mildred's
parents were dead but she owned the family home
in Manti, which she sold, Byron took her home to
live on the farm in Gunnison, There wasn't much
of a celebration but his father suggested that the
family take a little trip over the Twenty-Fourth,
so father Charles, Ada and Lin, Imelda, Byron
and Mildred, went to Ferron Reservoir fishing for
three days - and that is how they spent their honey-
moon,

Byron served as President of the Ward
YMMIA and then was put in as First Counselor to
the Bishop of the Hamilton Ward. He was later
placed on the Stake High Council and was active
on the Genealogical committee. Mildred was as
active in church as she could be with a farm house-
hold to manage and raising her family. She was a
hard worker. They had five children in a little
over eight years, during which time Byron's
father's second wife died of a brain cancer and he
returned to live with them inthe home. Charles
was married again, however, on 14 May 1945 to
another widow and went to live at her home else-
where in Gunnison about two months before
Mildred's fifth baby was born. The farm and
cattle were doing well and furnishing them with
a good living and things looked bright ahead.

Two months after this Byron came down
with a severe sore throat and grumped around the
house for several days, It seemed he had an_
ordinary cold, but though he spent a great deal
of time on the bed he couldn't rest, The morning
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 762

of 15 Sep, 1945 he arose from the bed and made

his way unsteadily towards the kitchen where
Mildred was finishing up the children's breakfast
chores, preparatory to fixing him a good breakfast,
for he had said he was famished. She turned to
look at him as he reached the door - he looked
terrible. Suddenly he seemed to stiffenand
clutched at the doorframe; he could not take another
step. She helped him onto a stool then phoned the
doctor.

After the diagnosis and the prescribing of
several sets of pills, the doctor left the house.
Mildred followed him outside. ''What is it Doctor?"
she said, He said he couldn't be certain but that if
her husband went unconscious in a short time she'd
know he had polio. Byron went unconscious alright,
and the next day (16 Sept.) was rushed to the Gen-
eral Hospital in Salt Lake City where he remained
unconscious for three weeks while his life hung in
the balance. He lived, but his right hand and arm
were stricken - and his legs - his poor pain-filled
legs. It was three months before he could sit up.
Eight months of therapy and hospital care brought
back the life and strength to his hand and arm - but
his legs? He never walked again. He was allowed
to return home a few days at Christmas and again
in early spring for the same length of time,

Mildred and the children all came down with
a mild form of polio to a greater or less degree,
but they were not hospitalized. The children soon
grew better but Mildred's trouble was in her spine
where she suffered a lot of pain, as she did in her
arms and shoulders, She was unable to lift anything
but she couldn't stop with a family to care for. It
took her five months to get back to near normal.
In the meantime Byron's father, Charles, passed
away suddenly just three weeks after Byron was
stricken. Someone made a typed copy of the pro-
ceedings at the funeral and this was sent to Byron.
It was poor comfort for the loss ofa father, on top
of everything else, but it was comfort neverthe-
less and appreciated. We have heard the expression
"It never rains but it pours’! - how true that must
have seemed to the Peterson family at that time.

Byron was brought home to stay 10 May 1946.
<span id="page-??"></span>
763 Byron Charles

Five nurses and one doctor from the hospital came
with him to give instructions on his care as well
as orient the family to the realization of the emo-
tional struggle their father and husband was going
to endure getting back into society. The doctor
said, ''No one in the world can make him walk
again and nothing in the world can do more to
help him now than the patient understanding and
love of his family.'"' So Mildred rolled up her
sleeves and went on with the job of nurse and
doctor as well as loving wife and mother.

Byron made wonderful progress, Before
long he was directing the operation of his farm
and livestock, from a truck he learned to drive -
_or awheelchair., For three years after that, with
the help of his son Kent, he hauled water by truck
from State Canal to their one thousand acre range
at Lone Cedar around Scipio Lake, 11 miles west
of Gunnison, to quench the thirst of a hundred and
fifty head of cattle for about a month and a half each
year, until the cattle found their way to the small
lake. They made several trips a day doing this
during that time.

hey The fall of 1947 they bought a duplex in town
at 78 East lst South, and rented the farmhouse to
others, This made it easier for the children to
attend school and for Mildred to do the shopping
and other family business, They still reside there
today, living in one side of the duplex and renting
out the other, A cement ramp from the front
cement porch makes it possible for Byron to go.
and come at will in his wheelchair. He has worn
out three of these and now has a fourth one, this.
with pneumatic tires to make it easier going. He
has wheeled himself downtown and to church and
local funerals, where the brethren lift him in his
wheelchair up and down the steps, He drives his
own car to other cities and cemeteries to attend
the funerals and burials of relatives and friends,
Most of us Christensens have seen him at such
places, Memorial Day always finds him at Gunni-
son Cemetery and then Manti Cemetery, near the
graves of departed loved ones, waiting to greet
other relatives he knows will come to decorate
the graves, He was and is a man who loves his
<span id="page-??"></span>
Byron Charles 764

family and relatives dearly, one and all, Some
have this great spirit of family loyalty, while with
others it is almost entirely absent.

Byron eventually found it necessary to sell
out his ranch and cattle interests, first the cattle
then the range and lastly the farm, or ranch, of
372 acres, He says one of the saddest days of his
life was the day he was forced to part with the
ranch - he says he shed enough tears over it to
irrigate the place. He has sent both his sons and
one daughter on missions and both his sons to
college, All his children are doing very well,

He and Mildred have raised a fine family.

For the last three summers Byron has
assisted in operating the Tourist Information booth
in Gunnison City Park and expects to do the same
this summer (1969). It has been a great experience
and he is well qualified - both because of his friend-
liness and interest in people, and his knowledge of
the area and its history. We copy from an article
in the Deseret News:-- "Gunnison, Sanpete County -
more than 3,000 persons learned more about tourist
attractions in south-central Utah through the tourist
information booth operated at the City park during
1967. Officials said a total of 766 vehicles stopped
for information. The booth was open for 677 hours
and operated by Emil Nielsen, Byron Peterson, and
Mrs, Ferdinand Hansen, It was sponsored by the
Gunnison Stake of the Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints through the assistance of the
Gunnison Businessman's Association and Sanpete
County agencies.'' An account of Byron's experience
with visitors there would fill another ten pages,

His service at the booth has been interspersed
by numerous trips with friends by car, truck or
jeep into the outlying areas of the region, but more
particularly into the wonderlands of eastern and
southern Utah, He is a great traveling companion,
He can talk for hours about the beauties of Utah's
highways and byways, mountains, canyons, deserts
and streams, Few retain a better knowledge of
places they visit than he. It has been twenty-three
and a half years now since he stepped foot upon the
sod - he who had been more apt to run at his work
or play than walk, We have never heard him
<span id="page-??"></span>
765 Byron Charles

complain or grumble at his lot, though he must do
at times, as Mildred can surely testify. With it
all he has retained his great sense of humor,
almost bubbling over with it at times. What a
lucky man he was to get a helpmate like Mildred.

Descendants of Byron Charles Peterson and
Mildred Elizabeth Olsen:--

(A) Barta Peterson, born 30 May 1937 in Gunnison,
Utah; md. 27 Mar. 1964 in Manti, Utah, Thomas
Durrant Bird (b. 5 Jan. 1934, Milwaukee, Wis-
consin to Thomas R. and Elda Althea Becker
Bird - now Mrs. D. B. Gregerson), Children,
the first three born in Salt Lake City, Utah:

I, Olene Bird b. 25 Dec. 1964

Il. Lane Durant Bird b. 21 Jan. 1966
III. Laraine Bird b. 29 Jan, 1967

IV. Judy Bird b. 2 Oct. 1968, Gunnison

(B) Kent Charles Peterson born 13 Nov. 1938 in
Gunnison, Ut; md 2 July 1965, Manti, Ut.,
Marcia Lynne Terry (b. 4 Mar, 1945, Salt
Lake City to Wendell Bradford and Beverly
Ann Dodge Terry.) Children:

I, Kent Charles Peterson b. 8 Oct. 1966,
Provo, Ut.

Il, Jeri Lyn Peterson b. 27 Aug.. 1968,
American Fork, Ut. =.

(C) RoLayne Peterson born 6 June 1941 in
Gunnison, Utah,

(D) Ravoe Peterson born 25 June 1943 in Gunnison;
md 17 Aug. 1968 in Manti, Louis Richard Lee:
(b. 3 Oct. 1941 in Bell, Calif. to Seth Walter
and Lois LaVon Pate Lee). Child:

I. John Richard Lee b. 17 June 1969, ©
Torrence, Calif. i

(E) Verden Byron Peterson born 9 July 1945 in
Gunnison. ’

(21) Myrtle Ivy Christensen (1) was born 10
Nov. 1904 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, in the house
built for the family about 1895/96 in the southwest
part of town and which is still standing (1969).

When Ivy was five and a half an epidemic of
<span id="page-??"></span>
Myrtle Ivy 766

the dreaded disease scarlet fever hit the small town
and her family was among the victims; a red flag

of quarantine hung on their gatepost. Her father
was away on ''The Weber" with the sheep at the
time and before he could return her sister Orilla,
not quite two years older than herself, died of the
disease, 22 May 1910. Her father returned to com-
fort the distressed family and just in time to bid her
thirteen year old sister, Elora, goodby, for she
succumbed five days after Orilla. Joint funeral
services were held for these two beautiful sisters
on the lawn in front of their home and they were
buried side by side in the Gunnison Cemetery. Ivy
and the four other children were spared, including
the eight months old baby Farrald, yet the home
was never quite the same again.

July of that year 1910 Ivy's family moved to

a comfortable home with a spacious yard in Salt
Lake City which her father had purchased from his
brother Andrew and which was reported to have
been built for early church President John Taylor.
(Details of this home, written by Andrew's daugh-
ter Edythe, are included in an earlier chapter.)
Ivy has written a little about her life from here on
and from this we quote:

"I remember Grandfather and Grandmother |
Christensen very well. They used to come and stay
at our house almost every year after we moved to
Salt Lake, to attend General Conference, One
_ thing I especially recall is that after they had gone
_ to bed each night, since Pearl's and my bedroom
adjoined theirs, they would talk to us what seemed
like hours about,politics, _

"I started school at the Roosevelt School,
9 East and 33 South, and went to eighth grade in
the Hawthorn School on 17 South 7 Bat. I attended
High School at Granite High, 33 South 5 East. I was
active in sports of all kinds, especially outdoor
sports. I enjoyed dramatics in High School, which
took us out of town and to different schools and
churches to put on small plays.

ny took piano lessons for two years from
Marion Cannon. I was organist in the Primary and
Sunday School in Wandemere Ward. I played for
<span id="page-??"></span>
767 Myrtle Ivy

MIA dances for about a year, Ihave also done a
lot of lovely handwork over the years. In summers
we lived at the ranch in Wyoming or over in the
summer home in Weber Canyon, which ranch we
called 'The Weber'",

These lovely summers on the ranches in
Wyoming and Utah came to an end for Ivy and
others.of their family, with the exception of Pearl,
when their father met with his death on the ranch
in Wyoming, 5 Oct. 1917, from an accident a few
days earlier. When word of their father's accident
reached Salt Lake City, Ivy's mother left Ivy, then
lacking a month of being thirteen, in charge of her
two younger brothers, eight and five-and-a-half,
while she rushed to the side of her dying husband.
A kind neighbor kept an eye on them the several |
days their mother was gone. This was indeed a
time of heartbreak for the bereft family.

Ivy continues: "I was married when nineteen
years of age, 29 Oct. 1923, in Salt Lake City to
Melvin Glen Campbell (born 3 Oct. 1904 in Salt
Lake City to Robertson Sim and Agnes Hind Napier
Campbell), I have worked most of my married life
so have had little time for other things outside of
that and raising a nice family, two girls and one
boy. A third girl and our last child died the day
of birth, unnamed, I worked for Auerbach's and
the Paris. Department Stores for two years and
then, during World War Il, I worked at the Rem-
ington Arms Plant for a year... Since then I have
worked at Snelgrove's Ice Cream Store for some
twenty-three years and am still employed the re
at the present time. ,

"My husband has been » employed by’ the City
here in Salt Lake most of our married life except
for one year (abt. 1932) when we lived’in Los °
Angeles, California; up until the time he suffered
his. heart attack and stroke 9 Nov, 1966. The road
. to recovery has been a slow old road to follow. He
has made more than one-trip to the hospital since
then. He isn't working but has really been blessed
since he got out of the hospital the last time. He
gets really tired of doing nothing. With spring
coming, however, I'm sure he can keep busy and
will feel even better. It isn't good to be idle and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Myrtle Ivy : 768

that is why Iam going to go on working as long
as I can.

"We went through the temple in Salt Lake
11 Sep. 1968 and were married for eternity, after
having taken the Project Temple course, We are
so happy about this. We only wish that our child-
ren were sealed to us, but perhaps someday they
too will see the importance of it and prepare them-
selves for this great blessing. At least we have
now made a start in the right direction and set the
example for them."

Descendants of Myrtle Ivy Christensen and
Melvin Glen Campbell, all born in Salt Lake City,
Utah: --

(A) Elora Jean Campbell, born 21 Aug. 1926; md
5 June 1948 in Salt Lake City Robert Gustave
Larson (b. 22 June 1926, Los Angeles, Calif.
to Gustave R. and Helene Stirger Larson. )
Children:

I. Girl child Larson, stillborn 5 June 1951
II. Robert Cordell Larson, b, 1 Sept. 1952
Ill. Lary Shane Larson, b. 1 Nov. 1953

(B) Lamar Glen Campbell, born 24 Nov. 1928;
md 11 Dec. 1948 in Salt Lake City, Patricia
Ruth Robinson (b. 7 Dec, 1930, Salt Lake City,
to Gordon Russell and Dorthy Jean Preston
Robinson.) Children:

I. Jaminson Glen Campbell, b. 6 July 1949
II. Dru Ellen Campbell, b. 18 Apr. 1951
Ill, Paula Ann Campbell, b. 21 Apr. 1955
IV. Scott Alan Campbell, b. 11 Jan. 1958
V. Tracy LaMar Campbell, b. 26 Oct. 1960

(C) Ivy Joyce Campbell, born 8 Aug. 1930; md (1)
23 Sep. 1949 in Salt Lake City, William Dunbar
Garner (b. 1 Aug. 1929, Baldwin Park, Calif.
to Merle Dunkin and Harriet Dunbar Garner),
divorced; md. (2) 23 Aug. 1957 in Las Vegas,
Nevada, Robert Ensign Gerrard (b. 25 July 1930,
Murray, Utah, to Robert Frame and Virginia
Ensign Gerrard), div.; md. (3) 18 Oct. 1961,
Salt Lake City, remarried her first husband
William Dunbar Garner; div.; md. (4) 10 Feb.
1966, Salt Lake City, Frank J. Springman
(b. 14 Mar. 1925, Kemmerer, Wyoming, to
<span id="page-??"></span>
769 Byard Alfonzo

‘Harry Frank and Virginia Louise Ray Spring -
man), Children: First marriage:
I, Launa Lee Garner, b. 9 Sep. 1953
IT, Gay Lynn Garner, b. 11 July 1955
Second marriage:
Ill. Guy Terry Gerrard, b, 26 Nov. 1959

(D) Baby girl Campbell, b. 10 Oct. 1940;
d, same day. " ,

- *(22) Byard Alfonso Bartholomew (5) was
born 2 Mar, 1905 in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah.
Byard was a beautiful child but was born with a
malfunctioning heart that in spite of all available
medical help caused his death at four years nine
months and six days at the family home in Gunni-
son, Sanpete, Utah, 18 Dec.-1909. A brief funeral
service was held at the home the following Wednes-
day, 23 Dec. 1909, and he was buried.in the
Gunnison City Cemetery.

(23) Albert Sherman Christensen (4) was
born 9 June 1905 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah in the
home on 155 North 2nd West. The family was in
quarantine for measles at the time. Mary Gledhill
of Gunnison had been hired to help in the home and
was on hand, Aunt Retta Snow (later Neff) was
there to see that "Little Jennie", her beloved sister,
was given every advantage in the difficult process
of childbirth and her excited commands were
obeyed, if not by the attending physician at least |
by everyone else around, as Mary herself later
testified,

Sherman wrote his own history for this book
and titled it, 'Momentary Images On the Screen
After the Projector is Turned Off", We quote:--
"What we felt and observed as children may not
have been any closer to reality than our recollec-
tion of those times. Our original childhood
impressions could be less accurate than the distant
recollections of them, since maturity may have
brought a degree of understanding to original
unsophisticated impressions. But the trouble
with memory is that we forget - and that we
remember the conditioning or qualification of
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 770

intervening years rather than the things that actually
were, or what we actually were. Thus what we
remember from our early days is often impression-
istic rather than sharply detailed.

"My earliest impression is the aura of
impending doom created by Halley's Comet. As I
now recall, we were living in our old home just.
north of Depot Street, I remember being held up
to an upstairs window but whether I actually saw
the comet I don't really know, The talk of the
world coming to an end was even more impressive
than the comet. There was no immediate panic in
my mind; the threat was not sharply personalized,
but there was a pervasive and ominous awe and
regret that it might have to happen, But it didn't
then - and life went on, . :

"J remember staying at the old Henry rock
house south of our new home just before the new
home was completed. Aunt Vena was staying with
us, Perhaps Father was ona court assignment.

I recall being on the porch at Grandfather Snow's
home, talking through the screen to Mother and
Elaine, who were quarantined there with scarlet
fever. Disease meant lonesomeness then, not fear,
suffering or death as it comes to mean when we
grow older. | Pp

"Most of my recollections are of subsequent
events, I shall not repeat here recollections and
factual data included in my book 'The Hard Rich
-Soil' (Pub. 1966) but shall attempt to mention some
of my impressions and memories of circumstances
and persons not covered there,

"My memories of our new house are kaleido-
scopic, I recall the fireplace - or 'grate' as we
called it - the blue-red flame from the pinion pine
wood and the warmth and security that it meant to
us as we sprawled on the floor, reading or just
dreaming. A turn of mind brings memories of
that fine old oak library table bearing on its lower
shelf a massive leather-bound book containing the
portraits of all the Presidents of the United States.
The living room does not seem complete in my
mind's eye without Grandpa Snow sitting in a chair
at the side of the fireplace, a hand-rolled cigarette
<span id="page-??"></span>
771 Albert Sherman

curling pleasant smoke as he held it and golden bits
of Bull Durham tobacco flecked across his vest,

He was always very pleasant company for us child-
ren and we felt relaxed and right at home with him.
There seemed to be an aura of romance about him.
We had visions of his Indian fighting days, and we
knew even then that he was a hunter of deer, We
were not quite so relaxed around Grandfather Chris-
tensen, While we loved him, he was more nervous
probably and sought more to maintain a semblance
of order. Why, we could not understand then, but
I must say that age brings insight. Both grand-
fathers, however, were loving and loved. Grand-
mother Christensen made us feel especially com-
fortable and easy, and between her and the two
grandfathers, both our relaxation and good order.
were assured,

Again, at the home on Depot Street, I -
remember the big north porch, especially during
rainstorms, where we would sit with Mother and
Dad and watch the lightning streak through the sky,
‘counting at least three between the flash and the
thunder to make sure that we had not been fatally
stricken; and watching the collar buttons of rain on
the pavement; Elaine in the sunroom--why I recall
this I don't remember; Gin (Virginia) going out on
a date; sleeping on the box seat until reminded by
Father's threat that if I didn't go upstairs to bed |
he would leave the sword (given to me by Sheriff
Johnson of Price) by my side and let me guard the
house all night; hauling our Christmas tree by
sleigh from the canyon - a family expedition of .
high spirits and great merriment - and then later
the Christmas tree in the hall all bright and fra-
grant with wax candles; the swing out back; climb-
ing the old walnut tree; a tree-house in the willow
tree; Mother presiding over the dinner table in the
big dining room; walking along the row of young
pines in the snowflakes with Elaine as we came
home from a Christmas shopping trip; Mother
reading to us from 'The Last of the Mohicans' on
the front lawn; Dil, Nat, Phil, Hale, Gin, Elaine,
Dad, Aunt Myrtle -- a flood of fragmentary
impressions which I can hardly put my mind on,
let alone my finger, engulfs me and I leave them
in their totality of love and security and excitement
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 772
and home and comfort and dreams,

"Uncle Joe Snow, when I first remember him,
was a man of polish and dreams. He visited fre-
quently at our home on Depot Street and stayed with
us a time or two it seems, I remember him saying,
'If you have a dollar and are hungry, spend it fora
haircut, a shine and a press and you'll be ahead. '
Uncle Ed Snow was also well liked among the smaller
fry. He was somewhat brief, bluff and blunt but yet
full of fun, Uncle Charles and Aunt Emma Peterson
at Gunnison made almost a second home for me at
times. While there cousin Byron and I would hunt
rabbits, hike in the low hills on and adjoining their
farm, and have a wonderful time generally. All of
our Aunts and Uncles on both sides of the family
were well liked and wonderful to us.

"Christensen family reunions were very
special, The earliest I remember was at Uncle
Arthur's in Gunnison. Aunt Millie was especially
good to us then and when she ran the eating-house
in Manti - in fact at all times - why limit it? I
remember driving with Father to Salina hospital to
visit Uncle Arthur when he was ill. Later at the
LDS Hospital in Salt Lake City I, among others,
gave blood, In those days the transfusions were
direct from doner to patient, His death and funeral
were a great sadness - greater because ofa sharp
renewal of the memory of Mother's death, as he
was buried not far from her grave. I shall never
forget walking up Depot Street to Aunt Lou (Lucille)
Black's with Hale and perhaps Phil, sensing that
something was very, very wrong, and of Aunt Lou
putting her arms around us and saying, 'You must
be very brave! before she told us that Mother had
died, Even then I couldn't realize the fact although
a hopeless feeling engulfed me.

"Uncle Charles Riddle was something special
since he worked in or owned, or both, a hardware
store, handling all sorts of interesting and exciting
items -- guns, baseballs and a dozen other things
of special interest to boys. Aunt Claytie, Mother's
oldest sister, was wonderful to us and her children
were very close to us, as were most of our cousins,

'What shall I say about Aunt Retta Neff?
After Mother died I lived with her and Uncle Andrew
<span id="page-??"></span>
773 Albert Sherman

in Heber City for a winter, Before that she was a
charming young woman with lots of pep and fun -
this she continued to be to me up to the time of
her death at eighty-four. While Mother, Father,
Elaine and Virginia were attending the World Fair
at San Francisco, Calif., Hale, Phil and I stayed
with Aunt Retta and Uncle Andrew in Heber City,
All her life since that time I thought, and still
think, she was one of the most interesting and
lovable persons I have ever known - cantankerous -
spunky - enthusiastic - lovable, My earliest
recollection of her is of her pounding us children
on the backs with love taps in her obvious joy to
see us, She was a dear! I was grateful after
many years that my wife, Lois, came to know

her too and that they had an especially close asso-
ciation during Aunt Retta's later years, I felt
that the many kindnesses Lois extended to her and
the joy each seemed to feel in the other's company
tended to reciprocate in part for the many things
that she did for me when I was young.

"I remember when Cousin Harold Christen-
sen was courting. Sometimes he would stay with
us, sleeping in my room. Uncle Joseph, his
father, is remembered from my early days at our
Gunnison ranch. Almost always we would stop at
his place and visit before proceeding on across
the Rocky Point to the ranch. Uncle Andrew
Christensen, prior to 1919-1920, was a more or
less mysterious and exotic figure - we rarely saw
him but we would hear that he would be in Europe,
then California, then some place else. Inthe year
1919/20 he and Father became jointly interested
in the Star Ranch, where I worked for two sum-
mers. For the first summer Uncle Andrew
managed the ranch and I lived with him and Aunt
Sarah, Sheldon, Wendell and I worked hard, got
up early, played hard, Iwas treated.-as.a member
of the family. They were fine people. Injun, my
first horse, which Father gave to me and Hale
when we were hardly old enough to climb up on
his back, had long since faded away, Uncle Andrew
let each of us three ‘working boys! choose a horse
from a herd of young ones that probably had never
been ina corral. I chose a fine black mare which
I called Pigeon, I broke her myself (she once
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 774

threw and almost broke me in the process,) I rode
her home to Manti at the close of the farming sea-
son, She was a dream, or so it seemed then, and
so she still seems to me now.

"Our association with Father in those early
days, both in and away from home, was very satis-
fying. He was too busy, I suppose, to take us
hunting or fishing much but he was constantly
having us accompany him to the sheep herd, the
ranches and elsewhere where his business called
him, At first we would wait in the car at the
Gunnison ranch while he conferred with his farmer
or inspected the crops or irrigated. As we grew
older we were taught to lend a hand - driving or
herding sheep, irrigating, weeding or thinning
beets, or helping with the lambing. Always there
was the solid, unfailing figure of Father leading
out. He was constantly appreciative - and thought-
ful in bringing us water or fig newtons or crackers
and cheese or candy, to ease the pain of work,
Responsibility was always available for us to
assume, with his encouragement but never with
his insistence.

"And we grew up in a world of security,
peace and love, Aunt Myrtle carrying on in this
spirit after Mother died. We leaned perhaps too
much upon the staunch figure of our Father but
perhaps it wasn't too much, for after trial and
error we learned to be leaned on too, We always
felt great pride in both the Christensen and Snow
families and much satisfaction in their association,
Love and pride in family have been born and bred
into us. Hence, in response to a request for a
sketch of my life for this Christensen book, Iam
happy to note these fragmentary family recollections
and my greatest accomplishments, marrying Lois
Bowen (b. 10 Aug. 1905 in Spanish Fork, Utah to
William Jones and Gudrun Dena Bjarnason Bowen)
and our three outstanding children, Dr. A. Kent
(teaching in the medical school in Stanford) Karen,
and Krege (who with a CPA and a Master's Degree
in Business Administration is now studying law),
and their lovely families.

"Aside from family, my interests are in the
law, in mountains, books, music, poetry, flowers,
<span id="page-??"></span>
775 Albert Sherman

stars, clouds - and the other wonders of nature
and life - all having roots as interests in my early
recollections, When I feel confused or uncertain
and have a special need for strength and balance,

I find nothing more helpful than to return to the
scene of these early influences--Sanpete County--
and again get my fingers and my heart into 'The
Hard Rich Soil!"

From a recent book, ''The Sons of Brigham'!
by Dr. T, Earl Pardoe (pub 1969) we have received
permission to copy the following:-- ''At Brigham
Young University Sherman was a varsity debator
and took part in major drama each year of attendance.
He had leading parts in such shows as 'State of the
Union', 'Bill of Divorcement', 'The Music Master’,
'The Winslow Boy', 'Lady Windermere's Fan!, 'The
Man Who Came to Dinner', 'Peter Ibertsen' and
‘Julius Caesar', Few will ever forget the quarrel
scene between Brutus (Sherman) and Casius (Dr.
Parley A, Christensen), It smacked of highest
professional power, This appreciation of the.
dramatic carried over to the court room and
disturbed several of Sherman's legal antagonists
who lacked that ability, Also at Brigham Young
University Sherman was praised for his debating
power and was elected to student body offices. ...,
An ardent Republican, he early became interested
in politics and led discussion groups all through
high school and college, He desired to emulate
his able father,

"When A, Sherman was nominated Utah's
second federal district judge, considerable data
was accumulated to be sent to President Dwight
D, Eisenhower to submit to the Senate. A lifetime
appointment requiring Senate confirmation was a
prize sought by more than fifty prominent attorneys
over the nation. Sherman was recommended by
Utah's senior Senator, Arthur V, Watkins... .
Senator Watkins, in part, stated, 'Because of the
usually high calibre of candidates, selection was
extremely difficult. Efforts were made to select
a nominee of the highest qualifications. In addition
to sound legal training the nominee was expected
to have wide experience as atrial lawyer, because
the federal court is atrial court, Furthermore,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 776

he was expected to be a man of integrity, possessed
of judicial temperament and of an age to permit good
service on the bench for years to come. . . A. Sher-
man Christensen met all those requirements, I have
known him and his family for many years and have
watched his performance as an outstanding lawyer
and citizen. In all circumstances he has stamped
himself as a man of competence and ability, with

an excellent reputation for honesty and integrity.

He will make a fine reputation for himself and Utah
as a member of the federal judiciary system,' He
has abundantly proved worthy of this appointment,"

From a recent biography of Sherman we glean
this information:-- ''Working as Assistant Business
Specialist in the Bureau of Foreign and Domestic
Commerce, A. Sherman Christensen attended night
school at National University, Washington D. C.,
where he obtained his LLB degree in 1931 anda
delayed degree of Juris Doctor from George
Washington University as of the same year.
Admitted to the District of Columbia and Utah
bars, he practiced law in Provo beginning in 1933,
specializing in trial work, He was President of
the Junior Bar conference 1937-38 and served as
a member of the Utah Board of Bar Examiners in
1939-1942. He also was the unsuccessful Republi-
can candidate for Congress in 1940. In 1942 he
enlisted in the Navy and after officer indoctrination
served as Officer-in- Charge of the Naval Auxiliary
Air Station for two years and thereafter, until the
war ended, as Staff Operations Officer, Naval Air
Bases, Twelfth Naval District.

"Resuming the practice of law in Provo after
the war, he was elected a member of the Utah State
Bar Commission in 1949, and to the office of Presi-
dent of the Utah State Bar in 1951. He was later a
member on the Committee on Rules of Civil Pro-
cedure which made recommendations to the Supreme
Court of Utah resulting in the adoption of rules for
the State patterned after the Federal Rules of
Procedure,

"In 1954 he was appointed United States
District Judge for the District of Utah and has
served in that position ever since. His primary
responsibilities have been within this District but
<span id="page-??"></span>
777 Albert Sherman

he has been invited to sit frequently on the United
States Court of Appeals of the Tenth Circuit and as
a visiting trial judge throughout the country,
including New York, Washington D, C., Los
Angeles, Boston, and Kansas City. He was a
member of the five-judge team initially assigned
by Chief Justice Earl Warren to devise and carry
out special procedures in the Eastern District of
New York, which then had the heaviest backlog of
cases inthe country. The project, which came to
be known as 'The Brooklyn Experiment’ was suc-
cessful in updating that district, and other similar
programs since have been carried out elsewhere.

"For ten years Judge Christensen served as
a member of the six-judge committee on revisions
of the laws of the Judicial Conference of the United
States, charged with making recommendations con-
cerning bills proposed in Congress affecting the
jurisdiction and venue of United States courts.
When the Committee this year (1969) was consoli-
dated with the Committee on Court Administration,
and the membership of all committees reconsti-

tuted, Chief Justice Warren appointed Judge

- Christensen as a member of the new Committee
on Court Administration for a term of six years.

"He has written extensively concerning court
administration and federal jurisdiction, including
four articles for the American Bar Association
Journal (two in collaboration with former Chief .»
Judge Orie L. Phillips) and a number of other
articles that have been published in Federal Rules
Decisions and separately distributed by West
Publishing Company. Aside from this he has had
published, under an assumed name, a book of
poems: 'Thoughtobiography' (Vantage Press Inc. -
1967) and edited and published his father's autobio-
graphy and letters, which he titled 'The Hard Rich
Soil' (J. Grant Stevenson-1966),

"Judge Christensen has been a leading pro-
ponent of preliminary jury instructions, a system
designed to acquaint jurors at the beginning of a
case with the significant rules of law they are to
apply rather than to reserve this information
wholly for the end, as has been the custom, when
the jury's views concerning the evidence may be
<span id="page-??"></span>
Albert Sherman 778

erroneously fixed for lack of such information dur-
ing the trial. Copies of his preliminary instructions
in an anti-trust suit last year were circulated among
other trial judges by the Tenth Circuit Committee
on Procedure. He lectured on jury instructions as
a member of the faculty of the School for New -
Federal Judges, sessions of which were held in
Denver, San Francisco and Washington D. C, last
year (1968), He also has taken time to speak fre-
quently to groups of young people and last month,

in a series of moot court programs designed by
youth counselors, psychiatrists, social workers

and attorneys to promote improved insight con-
cerning parent-youth conflicts, he appeared as
presiding judge in various Stakes under the auspices
of the Mutual Improvement Association,"

Sherman and Lois, who have resided at 1488
Harvard Ave. since moving to Salt Lake City some
fourteen years ago, recently (Mar. 1969) sold their
home there and moved to lovely ''Bonneville
Towers", 777 East South Temple, where they
occupy Apt. #9A. In summers they hide away
when they can in their rustic chalet ''Krishaven"
in beautiful Provo Canyon, Sherman will be eligible
for retirement in June of 1970 but hasn't yet made
up his mind whether or not he will take that step
then,

Descendants of Albert Sherman Christensen
and Lois Bowen:--

(A) Albert Kent Christensen born 3 Dec. 1927,
Washington, D. C. md. 26 Aug. 1952 in
Bethseda, Maryland, Elizabeth Ann (Reynolds)
Sears (b. 1 Aug. 1930 in Salt Lake City to John
Leslie and Elizabeth Wilson Reynolds, now
Sears) Children:

I. Anne Christensen b. 8 Dec, 1955, Boston,
Mass,

II. Kathleen Martha Christensen b, 1 Apr. 1957,
Boston

Ill, Albert David Christensen b, 3 Oct. 1958,
New York City (Bronx)

IV. Jennifer Christensen b. 23 Mar. 1962,
Palo Alto, Calif.

V,. John Sears Christensen b. 5 Mar, 1964,
Palo Alto,
<span id="page-??"></span>
779 Aibert Sherman

(B) Karen Donna Christensen born 17 Nov. 1933,
Provo, Utah; md. (1) 23 Apr. 1954 in Provo,
Roger Jensen Childs; div.; md. (2) 14 Nov.

1959 in Elko, Nevada, Wendell Woodrow Wilson
Coffey (b. 24 Oct. 1925, Mt. Pulaski, Dlinois

to George C. and Maud Williamson Coffey).
Their children, all born in Salt Lake City, Ut. :--
I. John Jeffry Coffey b. 28 Aug. 1960

Il. Peter Wendell Coffey b. 1 Nov. 1961

Ill, Dean Kent Coffey b. 3 Dec. 1963

(C) Krege Bowen Christensen, born 28 Oct. 1940
in Provo, Utah; md. 13 Feb. 1964 in Salt Lake
City (Temple) Judith Lynn Brown (b. 11 Nov,
1942 in Salt Lake City to Keith Chapin and
Geneva Hortense Burdett Brown) Children:--
I, Daniel Krege Christensen b. 4 June 1966,

Murray, Utah
II, Adam Sherman Christensen b. 24 Mar.
1969, Murray, Utah

(24) Arthur Melrose Christensen (8) was
born 22 June 1905 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, in
the old Gledhill home at 367 West lst North, which
is still standing (1969). He is reported to have
been a beautiful child, to which his early pictures
testify. The family called him "Rosy", He was
baptized a member of the LDS church 1 Nov. 1913,
He attended school in Gunnison in winters and grad-
uated from High School there. In summers he
helped his father onthe farm. Finally tiring of
farming he traveled about doing various jobs and
then settled down in Dividend, Utah, where he took
up mining for the Tintic Standard Mining Co.,
which pursuit he followed for about ten years.

It was while living in Dividend that he met
his first wife, Reva Giles (b. 30 Jan. 1911, Heber
City, Utah to Franklin Shelton and Acie LuVella
Provost Giles), She was a beautiful girl and they
made a handsome couple. They were married
1 Feb. 1929 in Provo, Utah. Reva (now Mrs,
Kinder) says they announced their marriage to
his family two evenings later in the Eagle House
Hotel in Manti, Utah, when they attended his
parents' twenty-fifth wedding anniversary party
<span id="page-??"></span>
Arthur Melrose 780

there, They wrapped their marriage license up
with the gift they presented them.

Some years later Melrose, Reva and their
two children moved to Salt Lake City and he be-
came employed as an automotive mechanic for the
Frank Edwards Company, in which capacity he
served for some twenty-three years, according to
a record published at the time of his death. Cou-
sin A, Owen Bartholomew says that he remembers
that ''Melrose had a racing car at one time. He
was the mechanic and another fellow the driver
and they went around to various places racing and
nearly lost their shirts."'

His brother Wesley's wife Leola said of
Melrose, ''We lived closely for many years in
Dividend. He and Wesley were very close although
I think their outlook on life and the future was some-
what different. Melrose was always a favorite of
mine and I loved him dearly - he was always so kind
and thoughtful of us.'' His sister Grace once wrote,
"The older I get the more I appreciate my wonder-
ful brothers. They are all so different and so
lovable !"'

Years after their marriage Melrose and Reva
separated, On 31 May 1950 in Ely, Nevada, Mel-
rose married Mrs, Drucilla Edna Thompson
Colman (b. 8 Jan. 1909 Cedar City, Utah to
William M. and Elizabeth Ann Paramore Thompson),
She was a nurse and operated the apartment in
which they lived, It was her third marriage and
of course the second for Melrose, The last part
of his life Melrose was an invalid, confined to their
apartment at 223 Third Ave., and Drucilla took care
of him. He suffered from what they called ''miners'
consumption",

Throughout his life Melrose was always rather
close to his mother so it does not seem too strange
that they should have departed this life within a very
short time of each other. She died Wed. 1 Nov. 1961
at 2 p.m. in her home in Salt Lake City and he died
Wed. 8 Nov. 1961 at 8:15 p.m. ina Salt Lake
hospital. Each funeral was held the Saturday
following each death at the same local Mortuary
and while Millie was buried in Manti beside her
<span id="page-??"></span>
781 Arthur Melrose

husband, Arthur Melrose was buried in the Mt.
Olivet Cemetery in Salt Lake City. Less than two
years following his death, 27 July 1963 his wife
Drucilla passed away and was buried beside him
in Mt, Olivet Cemetery.

Children and descendants of Arthur Melrose
Christensen: --

By first marriage

(A) Melvin Giles Christensen born 5 Dec, 1927,

_ Heber City, Utah; md. 18 Apr. 1952 in Sait
Lake City, Donna Wilkinson (b, 1 Apr. 1931,
Salt Lake City to Mr, & Mrs, William Wilkin-
son) Children, all born in Norfolk, Virginia:
I, William Arthur Christensen b, 1 Apr. 1953
Il, Bruce Gordon Christensen b, 18 July 1954
Ill, Chris Allen Christensen b, 7 Apr. 1956

(B) Norma Christensen born 5 Dec. 1929 in Salt
Lake City; md. (1) 26 June 1950, Salt Lake City,
Lee Oliver Squire (b. 22 Sep, 1931 to Oliver
Rulon and Grace Rushton Squire); divorced;

(2) 22 Feb, 1955, Elko, Nevada, Daryl
riaaeii (b. 15 Oct. 1929, Salt Lake City to
Bernard W. and Lillian Brown Liddell) Children:

First Marriage
I, Linda Squire (now Liddell) b. 31 May 1952,
Salt Lake City, Utah
Second Marriage
Il. Lance Daryl Liddell (adopted) b. 21 Sep,
1962, Salt Lake City

By second marriage

(C) Wanda Christensen born 5 Feb. 1951 in Salt
Lake City, Utah.

(25) Sheldon Bartholomew Christensen (2)
as he himself explains, "Was born in Salt Lake
City, Utah Nov. 27, 1905, on Seventh East and
about Wilmington Ave., ina small dwelling with
outside plumbing. Sixty-three years later lam
still living in Salt Lake City, Utah, now on Melodie
Ann Way in a large house with inside Plumbing a and
a mortgage duly amortized,"

In these brief words Sheldon B. spans the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Sheldon Bartholomew 782

greater part of a lifetime of activity, service and
success, But there is more, much more to be
told. By tracing the goings and comings of his
family we can form a skeleton of his early life
and by the writings of his brothers and sisters
can put a little flesh upon the bones and a bit of
blood into the veins. However, he alone can add
the spirit, the character and the personality to
his story.

Europe:-- England, Denmark, Germany,
France - all beckoned his family when Sheldon
was going on five, with the winter of 1910/11 being
spent mostly in Germany. His sister Edythe tells
that with their return to Utah, he could speak only
in German. Can you imagine him trying to explain
to his Grandmother Bartholomew, of English origin,
his desire for some bread and jam?

Provo, Utah - was where he started school
and where his family lived in three different homes
inthe three years it spent there; Rexburg, Idaho -
was again the family's home for three years, with
winters spent in school and summers at various
garden and farm assignments, since Sheldon's
parents were well agreed on the disciplinary value
of work, and where he received a patriarchal bless-
ing, along with others of the children; LaVerkin,
Utah - residence of his family for a year, 1917/18,
and where he again attended public school, His
sister Edythe tells about living in LaVerkin, "As
summer arrived in earnest with its dry, hot heat,
we were settled in a four-roomed log hut situated
on the rise of a hill which looked down upon the
murky Virgin River. It was pretty desolate,
Lizards scuttled over the sandy soil among the sage
and greasewood. To the west rose the remnants of
an orchard of almond, fig and pomegranate trees...
The log hut was furnished with only makeshift hand
constructed pieces, Comfort facilities were a
distance from the place and our refrigerator was
the usual 'Dixie cooler'. Our main duty outside of
the home was to take turns 'watching' the springs
where there was a bath house of sorts to which
travelers or townspeople came now and then to
bathe in the healing, sulphurous waters, and for
which privilege we collected a fee and gave aid and
<span id="page-??"></span>
783 Sheldon Bartholomew

service, We moved into a brick house nearer
town in time for school,!"'

Hinckley, Utah - this became the abode of
the Christensen family for the next year. Wendell
tells of the long, hard trip Sheldon and he made in
hauling the family effects by team and wagon to
their new home, which Edythe describes as
follows: '!'A two story white brick structure be-
came our home in Hinckley. It was on the out-
skirts of town, the usual mile or so from school,
and stood ona small farm, the outlook of which
was rather bleak since the land was ofa dry alka-
line quality. Sugar beets grew in spotted acres
but alfalfa and especially its seed proved to be the
main crop of income, The older boys, Wendell
and Sheldon, were teenagers and, under the super-
vision of mother, trying to farm the unfruitful acres
mostly alone and craving a bit of fun on their own,
I'm sure,"!

The younger brother Luther was not aware
that life was anything but fun at Hinckley for there
were animals there, He tells one incident; ''It
was customary to turn hay over when it got wet
and my brother Sheldon was sent to do this. The
hay was full of little field mice and sometimes we
would find a rabbit. Sheldon took a gun for this
_ purpose, One day I went along and as Sheldon
turned the hay he saw a rabbit. Quickly he grabbed
the shotgun and put a shell in - but the rabbit got
away. I had been snapping the empty gun at the
mice previously and as Sheldon put the gun down
I picked it up to continue my game and almost got
his toe with the shell,'"'

Sheldon makes this comment: "I cannot
share anyone's view that there was bleakness at
Hinckley, LaVerkin, or any other place we lived.
To me they were all wonderful areas, Each had
its own peculiar charm. Really, the only bleak-
nesses I have experienced in life have been my
own delinquencies and vagrancies. True, I didn't
invent stupidity but often 1 have brought it into
exquisite focus."!

Star Ranch, north of Nephi, Utah provided a
home for Sheldon's family for the next several
<span id="page-??"></span>
Sheldon Bartholomew 784

summers. Though the older children were expected
to work hard with the crops, cattle and other chores,
yet it was somewhat of a paradise for them never-
theless, as each was given his own riding pony. The
beautiful setting amid lake, lush meadows with wild
flowers, nearby canyons and mountains, offered
spots for recreation during happy leisure hours,
Edythe writes, ''We were by ourselves and our
entertainment was had with each other, picnics,
rides together up the draws of nearby canyons, etc.
These were busy, beautiful summers, We always
attended church when possible, I recall the first
time father drove our family to the LDS Sunday
School at Mona. The structure where it met was

an early rock model of pioneer vintage. There

was but one hall; the few class divisions were made
by drawing curtains. As our car stopped in front
for us to alight we noticed the door and windows
being filled with curious spectators, Flushed and

a little embarrassed we managed to walk the long
path and into the sanctity of the building."

Provo, Utah - again became their home dur-
ing those winters of 1919- 1922 in order that the
children might attend school. Edythe was in college
and the older boys in high school. An epidemic of
influenza hit the city and Edythe writes of this, ''The
first seige of the flu struck while we were at Hinckley
but our family had escaped. But at Provo the winter
of 1920, one after another of us took to ouch or bed
except father, who had gone back to Star Ranch.
Even mother and the baby became ill. The grade
schools closed down. We were only one family of
the majority so afflicted and it was impossible to
obtain a nurse. Our overworked family doctor was
only able to call a few times. Many died but our
group was spared to slowly recover.'' Luther has
many happy memories of those Provo days - bring-
ing the Christmas tree down by sleigh from the
mountains; skiing on barrel stave skis from the top
of the chicken coop; gathering watercress in early
spring from nearby pasture brooks and selling it
in bunches.

Salt Lake City, in a house on the bend of the
Jordan River, was the family's next home.
Financial reverses had struck at its roots and all
<span id="page-??"></span>
785 Sheldon Bartholomew

those who could were forced to find work outside
the home to help out, Edythe was called to inter-
rupt her studies in Boston and came home and
found immediate employment. Wendell and
Sheldon went to work, It was somewhat ofa dis-
couraging time for all - but they went ahead
bravely. Sheldon writes something of those days:--
"When Wendell and I pursued our first employment
opportunities there was one situation that should
be documented. Rather interestingly, one of
Father's visionary projects, which was associated
with some reproachable promoters, landed Wendell
and me on a job at Santa Fe Springs, Calif. in the
heat of a new oilfield boom. We were assigned to
a small, half-baked (literally) experimental oil
refinery. Our wages were largely deferred, so
we lived for months in the corner of a machine
shop and subsisted on rice, canned milk, sugar
and unclaimed Valencia oranges from half dead
trees abandoned to ruthless overkill of machines
and spray of crude oil. We were merely rousta-
bouts or flunkies, At best it was dirty work. and
we were far from best, Little did we know we
were making history in industry,

"The refinery technique was dubbed the
"Wade Process', The objective was to force
through a nozzle low grade cruide oil into coils
within a high temperature kiln, which coil encom-
passed iron shavings to serve as catalists. There
was a piping system from the hot coils into a con-
densation tower so that the initial volatile product
was practically usable gasoline. In other words,
we were actually cracking the heavier complex
hydrocarbon compounds into lighter fuel through
the employment of heat, pressure, etc. ...
Oddiy enough, this spot in Santa Fe Springs was
& historic place, Crude as our plant looked, it
was still the first oil cracking plant in the world.
From this small beginning all of the major oil
companies received franchises for cracking plants
around the globe. :

"It is with pride and satisfaction that Wendell
and I look back, knowing we contributed consider-
ably to the development of a process so important
to transportation throughout the world. Nor would
<span id="page-??"></span>
Sheldon Bartholomew 786

we have been there except for father's procuring
the job for us. After four months the process
rights were sold, We got our pay but lost our
jobs,"

Pulling together has lifted many a load, and
so it was with the A. B. Christensen family, It
was soon able to move to more desirable quarters
in Salt Lake City, at 1876 South Main Street, This
was to become an eventful site in the lives of the
children, It was in the Farmer's Ward and there
was a wonderful group of young people affiliated
there, including Nancy Howells and Mary Pratt,
who later became the wives of Wendell and Sheldon
respectively. It was from this home and Ward that
both the boys left for missions to Germany, Wendell
in 1925 and Sheldon in 1926. Since the family fin-
ances were still at rather low ebb, the boys were
helped mostly by profits from their mother's sewing.
It turned out that Wendell had the privilege of being
Sheldon's first District President in the mission
field, With their former experience in Germany
as children, the language was no problem for
either of them.

Sheldon returned home in June 1929. On 16
Sep, that same year, in the Salt Lake Temple, he
was married to Mary Urie Pratt (b. 10 Aug. 1907
in Farmington, Utah to Mathoni Wood and Agnes
Urie Pratt.) They became the parents of four sons
and have sent three of them on foreign missions for
the church, one to Denmark, once the home of the
Christensen's ancient Viking progenitors, one to
Uruguay and one to the French Mission from which
he has just returned (1969). Mary is serving as a
member of the General Board of the YWMIA, while
Sheldon himself has served in bishoprics, on Stake
missions, and in various other church assignments
over the years, both in California and Utah,

He has been successful in business, First
he worked for years as an independent insurance
broker, dealing largely with estate planning,
deferred insurance plans, pensions, profit
sharing, and life insurance as applied to corpora-
tions, estates and businesses, Eleven years ago
(1958) he went into the securities business and
organized a broker dealership which was qualified
<span id="page-??"></span>
787 Sheldon Bartholomew

with the Securities Exchange Commission, National
Association of Securities Dealers, He eventually
turned over this business to his son Neal and a
partner, who are operating it very successfully.

For the past four years Sheldon worked independently
in securities, Again last November he qualified as

a broker dealer in the securities business,

His work has taken him into California,
Idaho, Nevada and Utah where he has worked on
some very large accounts, He works directly with
businessmen at ''face value'' basis rather than on
a referral basis. This actually requires a great
deal of courage and skill on his part but he has
been rewarded with much success. He usually
goes in "cold turkey" as the expression goes, but
comes out with warm friendships and contracts.
He often takes "long shots in the dark'!, such as
the time he sent a strange businessman a check
for $100. 00 along with a message that if the
receiver would give him enough of his time to
allow him to explain how he could save him thou-
sands of dollars in his business, and was not con-
vinced, he could keep the check. Sheldon received
an appointment, a good sized contract, and his
check back. This kind of selling not only takes
courage but also imagination and creative ability
as well as a convincing way with words,

Some years ago Sheldon took some time off
to study creative writing as an added tool in his
business. He applied his skill in writing ''Life
Line'"', a sales presentation of which 50, 000 printed
copies were solid; and in a series of eight articles
titled '"You and Your Estate'! which were published
in the Deseret News 1948/49... But his creative
writing has not been confined to business matters
only, by any means, He has published a novelette,
"The Bequest" and a short story in Look Magazine's
"My Favorite War Story" series, He tells of this:--
"While attending the Maren Elwood school of writing
in downtown Hollywood during World War Il, a
poem was received from a sea captain who lost
his ship, depicting unusual bravery of a crew
member. The poem was offered for sale to class
members, Being an opportunist I bought it for -
$3.00, rewrote it in story form and submitted the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Sheldon Bartholomew 788

same to Mr, Gunther, west coast editor of Look
Magazine. The story was duly purchased and pub-
lished. I still have the original poem,"'

Sheldon's face really lights up, however,
when he discusses his present creation, a full
length novel ''Promise Me" a story of 'Licit Love".
Incidental to the story is a full length tale of a con-
version, a subtle by-product of the main plot. He
has been dreaming of and working on this novel for
some years and at present it is totally outlined and
with six chapters (10,000 words) completed. He
explains, ''In addition to keeping kept-up with
family, church, business, ever current reading
as well as some television, I am in the throes of
a major literary undertaking which began a few
years ago and will likely extend through a number
of future anniversaries before publication. Here-
with I feel my undivided, feeble efforts will be best
employed, I've given up hunting, fishing, and I
don't play golf. Ilove to walk and when I walk
alone my mind is completely occupied with words,
phrases, events, characterizations and a pot pourri
of tales,"

Sheldon, businessman, churchman and writer,
is the middle one of A. B. Christensen's three
living sons, He is not as large or tall as Wendell
and not as thin as Luther, but in looks he seems
to resemble his father much more than either of
the others. Perhaps his dreams are more like his
father's, for Andrew also had visions of writing,
and to get himself into a financial position to do so
he struggled and strove, though unsuccessfully, to
the end of his days. Perhaps he will succeed in
this through Sheldon, as he will succeed in others
of his dreams through his other children - who
knows now? We have no better glimpse of
Sheldon's sensitive nature and keen perception
than in the words he wrote of his father's death:--
"Father died alone in a modest hotel room in St.
George. . . Traveling in the severe cold of that
December 1931, I arrived at St. George about fif-
teen hours after Father's passing. In the last
moments of his life, despite complications of
pneumonia and diabetes, still he bothered to wind
his inexpensive timepiece. I remember well, I
<span id="page-??"></span>
789 Sheldon Bartholomew

cried as I held the watch, knowing that as long as
it ticked a last bit of Father's tremendous energy
still remained, Whether he really died of a
broken heart or was mercifully taken in illness,
Ido not know. But of one thing I am certain -
there still remained an unsubdued determination
and dignity about him to the end. . . He possessed
the marked tendency to deny himself in his valiant
effort at reaching for the stars,"!

One time, when a group of us Christensen
cousins had met to discuss the writing of family
histories, Sheldon, among them, brought out the
point that he thought the bad should be mentioned
along with the good, and then he said something to
this effect, "If, after Idie, someone writes my
history and 'flowers' it all up - I'll come back and
haunt them !'' Now we have no fear of the dead
returning on such missions, but to arouse the ire
of the living is a problem we do not wish to encoun-
ter. It is thus with humility and some trembling
that we present this skeleton sketch of Sheldon,
who terms himself ''something of a nut''. We hope
that someday he will find time to ''breathe the
breath of life'' into a worthy history of his own.
Until then, however, he has left this testimony: --
"God has been kind to me. I have been blessed
and preserved, Iam grateful for the Gospel of
Jesus Christ and membership in His church. I
am cognizant of a wonderful heritage, wife, family,
brothers and sisters, etc,, etc. , . Each year life
becomes more fascinating. Times have changed
since I was a boy, but I still love cooking over an
open fire and eating out of the fry pan,"'

Descendants of Sheldon Bartholomew
Christensen and Mary Urie Pratt:

(A) Neil Pratt Christensen born 4 May 1931 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 6 Sep. 1956 in Salt
Lake City (Temple) LaVerle Sorensen (b. 21
Mar. 1937, Salt Lake City to Edward Heber
and Minnie Louise Brinkman Sorenson),
Children:
I, Charlene Christensen b, 16 Sep. 1961, S.L.C.
II, David Neil Christensen b. 27 June 1969,
Salt Lake City.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ada Peterson 790

(B) Richard Pratt Christensen born 10 Oct, 1933
in Salt Lake City; md. 11 June 1968, Salt Lake
City (Temple) Shirley Paetsch (b. 8 July 1942
in Soda Springs, Idaho to Albert Eugene Paetsch
and Virginia LaVon Bridge Snow, now Mrs,
Alton W. Cox)

(C) Robert Pratt Christensen born 31 Oct. 1946
in Los Angeles, Calif,

(D) Delbert Pratt Christensen born 14 Nov. 1949
in Salt Lake City, Utah.

(26) Ada Peterson (6) was born 13 Jan. 1906
in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. Her brother Byron
remembers her as very athletic as a girl and how
she could ride horses bareback as good as most
boys. He remembers she was the catcher on the
school baseball team. She was a sister after his
own heart and a good substitute for a brother, of
which he had none. They were great pals!

Ada writes of herself:-- 'I attended grade
school, high school and Seminary in Gunnison, I
graduated from high school in 1926, having failed
to graduate with my own class of '25 due to mother's
illness. During these years I taught in Primary
and was Sunday School organist in Gunnison Ward
with Clyde C, Edmunds as chorister. I sang in the
‘Gunnison Ward choir under E, L. Swalberg. I sang
duets with Emily Knighton at church functions.

When Gunnison Ward was divided I served as Sunday
School Secretary in the new Hamilton Ward for some
years, I belonged to a double mixed quartet under
Charles E, Ferrie and we were in great demand for
church and civic affairs. In High School I belonged
to the Glee Club, sang in the opera and sang the
lead in a double mixed quartet in competition with
other schocils. We always had a high rating. Our
music teacher was our beloved ElRay Christiansen,
now assistant to the Twelve Apostles,

"After I graduated from High School I worked
for the Gunnison Telluride Power Co, as steno-
bookkeeper and stock clerk, It was here I met
Linden H. Johnson who was manager, We were
married 29 June 1928 in the Manti Temple, I
<span id="page-??"></span>
791 Ada Peterson

became stepmother to his two children, Francis
Dale and Helen Ramona, ages 8 and 5. (Linden
Hyrum Johnson was born 15 Sep. 1895 in Hunting-
ton, Emery, Utah to Swen Hyrum and Matilda
Wilhamina Nelson Johnson),

‘We moved to Delta, Utah, May of 1930
where Lin established the Delta branch of the
Telluride Power Co, Here I worked in a greater
capacity, training new girls and continuing as
steno, etc, We lived in Delta twenty-five years
and during these years I worked and raised my
family. Lin's and my two children, Ada Bonita
and Larry Lynn, were both bornin Delta. Dale
and Ramona both attended BYU until World War II
came and they volunteered - Dale in the Naval Air
and Mona as a WAVE,

"When Lin advanced to Supt. of the Delta
Division of Telluride Power Co,, I assumed more
responsibility as hostess, working on the enter-
tainment committees, Also Iwas active in church
and civic affairs. I attended the Deita 2nd Ward
where I was Sunday School Secretary, taught in
Sunday School, Primary, MIA, and was a Relief
Society visiting teacher, I sang with the ‘Singing
Mothers' under Ladd Cropper and belonged to the
Ward choir. I sang as a soloist at funerals,
Aside from church activities I was secretary for
the American Legion Auxilliary for ten years, for
which I was awarded a silver necklace with the
American Legion emblem on it,

"Lin and I belonged to the Fidelity Club, a
social organization in which we made many lifelong
friends. It was composed of a distinguished group
of doctors, lawyers, our Stake president, Seminary
teacher, principal of Delta High School, Delta's
Mayor and fine people from ali walks of life, six-
teen couples of fun-loving people, each with a pur-
pose in life. I entertained many times in our home
where I learned to be a hostess, At first I didn't
feel capable of this because I was ten years younger
than most and lacked the maturity and experience.
My excuse up until we built our new home was
always that our place wasn't large enough. How-
ever, when lovely Romania Bird said, 'Ada dear,
where there is heart room there is house room', I
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ada Peterson 792

needed no more assurance - our new home became

a center of festivities, I could seat thirty-six people
at card tables and we had many lovely parties.
Bonita celebrated her fourteenth birthday there
before leaving for California to study dance at
Hollywood Professional School ('53-'56) which one
hundred of her classmates attended. In 1948 the
Fidelity Club celebrated its 25th anniversary in

our home with fifty guests in attendance. There
were many happy times during our stay in Delta.

"In October of 1955 Ileft Delta for California
to take on a new role as a guest home operator. I
called my place 'Ada's Guest Home, a home away
from home', One year later Lin and Larry followed,
after having sold our beautiful home and furnishings
in Delta. The home at 440 South Oxford in Los
Angeles was our home for seven years, It was a
two-story mansion. An apartment sized kitchen,
dining room, bedroom and bath were our personal
quarters adjacent to the main home of a kitchen
and pantry, beautiful dining area, living room, and
a winding oak staircase leading to five king-size
bedrooms for our guests, along with two bedrooms
and a maid's room downstairs, There was a sep-
arate building of room and bath with picturesque
windows, which became Bonita's music studio.

"It was while living here that I received my
license for six ambulatory guests and with the
help of my maid Dessie, a colored woman from
the south, achieved an A-1 rating my first year,
which I have continued to receive, I have always
set a beautiful table for three meals a day with
good food. I have cared for both men and women,
although most of my guests have been women, At
440 So. Oxford I cared for motion picture people
until they built the motion picture country home,
Each one had a story to tell. When they came to
my home they stopped using tobacco and drinking
became a thing of the past for them. Those were
very happy and interesting days for all of us. The
Lord was good to me,

‘When we sold that home to a builder we
moved across the street to 431 So, Oxford, where
we are now. We watched them tear down a home
we loved, along with a redwood tree for which Mary
<span id="page-??"></span>
793 Ada Peterson

Pickford at one time had offered $150. 00 but had
been refused by the previous owner. At 431 Oxford
I still have my guests and a cook and housekeeper.
At present my youngest guest is 75 and my eldest
93. My cook has been with me seven years, She
is from Tennessee and her name is Thelma Joyce.
She is a real dear. Bonita too has worked with
me these last years, and because her disposition
is much like mine, the guests have all loved her
as well, Her singing and playing of the piano have
been appreciated by them also, Her health is now
the best she has ever known, since an early back
injury caused her years of pain and illness,

"When our guests demanded more personal
care we bought or rented three different homes,
one in North Hollywood, where Bonita and Larry
enjoyed the swimming pool, and two in Encino,
Calif., about twenty minutes drive from our. place
in Los Angeles, The family home at present is at
409 So. Oxford Ave., where Bonita, who is now |
married and has a baby daughter, lives along with
Lin and me. Our son Larry and family live in
Orem, Utah, where he serves as assistant cashier
at Orem State Bank, after having graduated from
Hollywood High School with high honors.and also
from Seminary there and later attending BYU in
Provo, where he met his lovely wife. :

"Lin operated a Standard service station
here for ten years, for which he was awarded a
bronze plaque. He retired in Aug. 1968 and has
recently undergone two separate operations at the
Veterans' Hospital; Wilshire and Sawtelle blvd.,
one for.a hernia and one for hemorrhoids; He was
released Mar. 15 and is now feeling fine and grate-
ful to have this over with. The Elders. were there
and administered each time. He has been my
painter, plumber and all-around handy man over
these last years, What would I have done. without
him? : ms

'We are members of Wilshire Ward, where
Lin is a High Priest and very active, Even though
I can't attend regularly, I'm there in spirit and
keep up my tithes and offerings, asthe Lord has
blessed me financially. When I needed guests he
has provided, Ihave not had a sick day in the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ada Peterson 794

thirteen years of my business. For this Iam

_ grateful and humble. I always have a prayer in
my heart for strength to meet my obligations, and
they are many when you care for ten old people on
an average every day three hundred and sixty-five
days a year, Oh my, I could write a book on the
beautiful people I've served through these years,

‘In closing I'd like to copy the words ona
thank you note from the daughter of an LDS lady
Ionce cared for:.- 'Dear Sister Johnson, It has
been an inspiring experience to know you and I
appreciate all you have done for mother, It is
thrilling to know that the spirit you carry is the
one we shall all share in the celestial kingdom and
our associations will continue there. It was God's
blessing that we were led to you and may we enjoy
always the sweet spirit that is expressed in your
home. Sincerely, Cecilia Jensen,"

Descendants of Ada Peterson and Linden
Hyrum Johnson: --

(A) Ada Bonita Johnson born 16 Sep. 1938, Delta,
Utah; md. 12 May 1968 in Las Vegas, Nevada,
Dale Judkins Smith 'Montgomery", a widower
(b. 27 Nov. 1919, West Point, Utah to Charles
Ernest Smith and Verna Judkins (now Mrs,
Montgomery) Child:

I, Victoria Lynne Montgomery b. 3 Jan. 1969,
Los Angeles, Calif,

(B) Larry Lynn Johnson born 8 Oct, 1941 in Delta,
Utah; md, 26 Oct, 1961 in Orem, Utah, Pris-
cilla Jacob (b. 16 Aug. 1941 in Jamaica, Queens,
New York to Edward and Thelma Matilda Gus-
taveson Jacob). Children:

I, Michael Lynn Johnson b, 24 May 1962,
Van Nuys, Calif.

II. Daniel Troy Johnson b, 8 Sep. 1964,
Provo, Utah

Ill. Jennifer Kristina Johnson b, 1 Aug. 1967,
Provo, Utah

(27) Myron Ellis Christensen (3) was born
Sun, 4 Mar. 1906 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, in

the family home in the west part of town, which is
<span id="page-??"></span>
795 Myron Ellis

still standing today. He was christened Ellis
Myron but later changed his name to the above
arrangement, His only brother then living, Harold,
was ten years older than he, so his closest com-
panion in the home was his sister Ruth Ellen, some
three-and-a-half years older; they have been great
friends ever since.

When he was in his teens his parents moved
from the home of his birth to a farm they owned
near Rocky Point, west of Gunnison, where he
helped his father feed lambs and with the farm
work, He attended grade and high school in
Gunnison, graduating from the latter. It was a
long walk from Rocky Point to school and seemed
especially so in the cold of the winter. But in spite
of it, or perhaps a little because of it, Myron grew
to be a tall, strong, healthy youth capable of a lot
of hard work. He received excellent training in
farm and livestock management from his father and
set his heart on acquiring a good farm of his own
someday.

His father died in the small farm house near
Rocky Point, 23 July 1926, when Myron was four
months past twenty, leaving him as his mother's
main source of help and strength. Harold and Ruth
had long since married and made their own homes.
His three younger brothers, one nineteen and the
others going on fifteen and ten, were a lot of help,
especially the two oldest who had undergone a lot
of farm training and were also big fellows and
capable,

Myron at the time was courting, One even-
ing at a roller skating rink in Manti, Utah (Felts
Pavillion), about four years before he had met a
Manti girl named Delida Jensen (b, 23 June 1907
in Sterling, Utah to William and Maria Louella
Peterson Jensen), A friendship had begun that
night which had lasted those several years, during
which time Myron had made hundreds of trips to
Manti in all kinds of weather. Nearly nine months
after his father's death, Myron and Delida ("Dee")
contracted a civil marriage in Manti, 13 Apr. 1927.
Myron's mother and three brothers soon moved to
Fayett, Utah to live with her recently widowed
brother, Uncle Henry Bartholomew, and assist in
<span id="page-??"></span>
Myron Ellis 796
caring for his motherless children.

Dee takes up the story from here:-- ''Myron
and I took up farming in Clarion, Utah (near Gunni-
son) and farmed there until Delta City took the
water rights away. After leaving Clarion we moved
to Gunnison for awhile and then we got the oppor-
tunity to come to Genola, Utah to work for G. H.
Chaffin on his ranch, This was during the severe
depression of the 30's. Myron worked on the
Chaffin ranch for ten years and then bought a farm
of his own in the Genola area where our family still
lives. We have five living children and one died at
birth, The five are all married now and have child-
ren of their own, so Myron and I live on the farm
alone and still work hard. But we travel quite a
lot in our car and always go on at least one big
trip each year, most usually in late fall or winter
when the farm work can be left alone for awhile.
We have been to the Northwest, Mexico, and num-
erous times to California where we almost always
drop in on Ruth Ellen and her family in San Diego.
This winter we took Myron's brother Marvin and
his wife Lois with us to Ruth Ellen's, We enjoyed
ourselves there. The last trip his brother Harold
took before he died was with us to San Diego. We
love to travel. We go fishing a lot too, for Myron
loves to fish.

"The winter of 1967 was a hectic one for us.
My mother passed away and Myron was laid up with
the gout in his foot, This was pretty tough for a
farmer. Then our son's year old boy was in the
hospital with spinal meningitis and was very sick,
though he finally responded to the medication.
Grandma Dee had the four year old to care for
during his baby brother's illness. Generally we
have good health and should not complain, but we
too are getting old like the rest of you. But we
enjoy life a lot.

"While in Goshen, Myron has been a member
and one time president of the White Lake Riding
Club. He was also employed by the Strawberry
Highline Canal Co. here for eleven years, At
present, besides operating his own farm, he is
employed on the large church farm at Elberta,
Utah, not far from our place, and has been for
<span id="page-??"></span>
797 Myron Ellis

several years, Looking forward to retirement,
Myron just sold part of his farm and bought himself
a boat so he can go fishing in style, "'

Descendants of Myron Ellis Christensen and
Delida (Dee) Jensen: --

(A) Gail Myron Christensen born 26 May 1928 in
Manti, Utah; md. 14 Apr. 1948 in Las Vegas,
Nevada, Emma Jean Snow (b. 10 Apr. 1928 in
Spanish Fork, Utah to William Warren and
Velma Brems Snow). Two children, both born
in Spanish Fork, Utah:--

I. Gaylene Christensen b. 28 Nov. 1948; md.
2 Aug. 1968 in Spanish Fork Richard Dale
Curtiss (b. 14 Dec. 1946, Spokane, Wash.
to Robert W. and Dorris Morris Curtiss),

II. Blake M. Christensen b. 6 Nov. 1951,

(B) Delbert J. Christensen born 9 June 1930,
Gunnison, Utah; md, 23 July 1949, Genola,
Utah, Hannah Marie Hanks (b. 16 May 1931,
Salem, Utah to Heber George and Hannah R,
Thompson Hanks). Children:--

I, Dell Jay Christensen b. 17 July 1950 Payson,
Utah; md, 15 Jan. 1969 in Provo, Ut, Neta
Jean Miller (b, 9 Apr. 1950 in Provo to
Keith Conrad and Neta Garner Miller),

II, Marvin H, Christensen b, 19 June 1953,
Spanish Fork, Utah.

(C) Phyllis Christensen born 26 Apr, 1932, Gunni-
son, Utah; md, (1) 15 Mar. 1952 in Genola,
Hiel Elias Thomas (b. 17 June 1926, Spanish |
Fork, to Elias Elmer and Mildred Sterling
Thomas); md, (2) 21 Sep. 1959, Astex, New
Mexico, Roy Francis Weber (b. 13 Oct. 1932
in Downey, Calif. to Jess Herbert and Mary
Elizabeth Wisehart Weber) Children:--

First Marriage:
I, Sterling E. Thomas b. 30 Sep. 1952,
Spanish Fork, Utah
Il, Dee Ann Thomas b. 7 July 1955, Spanish
Fork
III. Patti Thomas b. 11 Mar. 1957, Spanish
Fork ;
<span id="page-??"></span>
Myron Ellis 798

Second Marriage: .
IV. Roy Francis Weber | Jr. b, 21 June 1960,
Joplin, Missouri
V. .Joe Allen Weber b. 10 Aug.. 1961,
Spanish Fork

(D) Kent W, Christensen born 7 Jan, 1941 in
Genola, Utah; md. 8 July 1960, Manti, Utah,
Sarah Grace Badham, or ''Sallie'' (b. 31 Mar,

1941 in Payson, Ut, to Bruce and Verla Thur-

_ good Badham), Two children, both bornin
Salt Lake City, Utah:

-I, Ellis Bruce Christensen b. 5 Aug. 1963,

IL» Todd Quinn Christensen b, 23 Mar. 1966

(E) Carol Jean Christensen born 23 Sep, 1946 in
Payson, Utah; md. 7 Sep, 1963 in Genola, Utah,
Bryan Kay Draper (b. 25 Dec. 1946 in Payson

to Burke Jay and Irma Ruth Elton Draper).
Children:-- |

I. Dale Kay Draper b. 6 Mar, 1964, Murray, Ut.
Il, Larry Bryan Draper b, 18 Dec, 1967,

' Payson, Ut. we

(F) Girl child Christensen, stillborn 12 May 1949
“in n Payson, Utah. a

(28) Rex Christensen (7) was born 10 Mar.
1906 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah in the old: Wasden
_.-home across south from the home of his Christensen
grandparents. When he. was seven days old his ©
parents thought he was dying. They called the
Elders in to give him a name and a blessing and
he recovered, but that is the reason, | his mother
said, that he had only one given name. ©

When he was yet very young:the family :
moved to:a ranch a mile or so west of Gunnison
into a rather poorly equipped farm house there,
The ranch belonged to his father's. brother Albert,
Rex was indeed a sickly baby and had some very
severe spells when he would hemorrhage from the
nose, His father was often away with the sheep.
His, sister LaFaun says that their mothe r, often
alone on the ranch except for her three small
children, pulled baby Rex through a number of
bad sick spells with her faith and prayers, She
<span id="page-??"></span>
799 Rex Christensen

remembers how her mother knelt by his cradle to
pray and how she rocked him in her arms hour
after hour in the rocking chair to soothe him -
singing a plaintive lullaby. Many mothers hada
hard time raising all their children to maturity in
those days, Rex's little brother Spencer, who
came along right after him, only lived a few weeks,

Not long before Rex turned three, his father
bought his grandparents' big rock house, across
from where he was born in northwest Gunnison,
and moved the family into it. It was here that he
lived the next seven years of his life, It was from
here that he went to the Gunnison district school
for several years - it was but a few blocks from
this home. It was from here that he left Gunnison
when he was just six days past ten, together with
others of his family, to go to Wyoming and live on
a ranch his father had homesteaded, being part of
the acreage taken up by several members of his
father's family several miles from the town of
Lyman and which they called ''The Oasis",

Rex eventually grew to be a strong, strapping
and very handsome fellow. In 1929 in Ogden, Utah,
he married Marcella Richardson, daughter of Walter
and Stella Richardson, They had one son but sep-
arated when the child was about two years old.

Rex married second, 29 Nov. 1932 in Lyman,
Wyoming, Ina Mae Packham (b. 23 Aug. 1903 in
Pleasant View, Utah, to John and Lydia Kent Pack-
ham), They had two daughters, Ina died ofa
serious illness 10 Mar. 1942 in Ogden, leaving
Rex with the two little girls. On 27 Oct. 1943 in
Ogden, Rex married his third wife, Mabel Patter-
son (b, 23 Jan, 1924 in Ogden to David Earl and
Dora Miller Patterson), They became the parents
of two sons,

For many of his last years he suffered with
emphysema, a malfunction or disease of the lungs
and reported to be the fastest growing disease in
the world today. He was unable to do any heavy
work, Mabel, avery lovely, kind and patient
person, took care of him and also went to work to
, support the family. Rex passed away at their home
in Ogden 29 Sep. 1968 and was buried in Ogden Cem-
etery 2 Oct, His wife and five children survived
<span id="page-??"></span>
Rex Christensen 800

him, as well as a number of grandchildren and
brothers and sisters.

Mabel has written of him and we quote:-
"Rex had brown hair, brown eyes, a fair complexion
and an even temper. I found him very easy to get
along with. Everyone he met seemed to like him
right away. As aman he had very good health up
until the last dozen years when he developed
emphysema, He was an avid fisherman, I have
seen him catch fish when others around him couldn't
even get a bite. He loved the outdoors and said he
felt a closeness to his Creator when on a stream or
in the hills, He recalled many summers of hard
work on the ranch in Wyoming with his father and
brother Lucien, He attended school both in Lyman
and Evanston, Wyoming. He was a boxer in his
high school years and at one time won the Golden
Glove tournament in his area,

'When Rex was just past nineteen he was
called to serve a mission for the church in New
Zealand. He had his endowment 2 Apr. 1925 and
left the mission home shortly afterwards, traveling
by train to Vancouver, Canada and then by boat
from there. He returned by boat to San Francisco
in 1928, the boat trip having taken nineteen days
each way. While on his mission he had appendicitis
and later on pneumonia. He said only the faith of
the Elders and the grace of God saved his life on
those occasions. He loved the time he spent on
his mission and he loved the Maori people. Occa-
sionally he commented on how eager these people
were to help the Elders.

"Once at a Conference there President McKay,
then an Apostle, was in attendance, Afterwards,
outside, there was an intoxicated man who was
angry with the Mormons for some reason or another.
All worked up in his anger, he approached Brother
McKay and challenged him to a fight. He raised his
fists to strike the great Apostle who stood there
calmly, saying not a word but just looking at him
in pity with those piercing eyes of his. As suddenly
as he had raised his fists, the enraged man fell to
his knees sobbing and asking forgiveness, Rex
said this incident helped to increase the testimonies
of the other people who were present - and also his own.
<span id="page-??"></span>
801 Rex Christensen

"Rex had lived in Ogden ever since he
returned from his mission in New Zealand in 1928,
except for one year in The Dalles, Oregon, where
his second wife, Ina, became ill with a brain tumor
and they returned to Ogden to be near her family,
and the six months he and I and the family lived in
Redlands, Calif, in 1950.

"He was a good husband and father, A
couple of years before his death we attended
'Project Temple! together and on June 22, 1967
he took. me and our sons to the Logan Temple to
be sealed to him for all eternity. Though we miss
him so much we realize he is better off where he
is. I am now interested in getting his genealogy
together, as well as my own." Children and des-
cendants of Rex Christensen:--

First Marriage:

(A) Walter Rex Christensen born 13 Feb. 1930,
Ogden, Utah; md. 4 July 1962 Sandra Lee
Bridewell (b, 22 Jan 1943), Children:

I. Toni Darlene Christensen b. 22 June 1963
Il, Rex LeRoy Christensen b. 19 July 1966.

Second Marriage:

(B) Florence Kay Christensen born 25 Feb, 1936
in Ogden; md. (1) 29 May 1953, Roy, Ut., Clyde
Charles Cowdin (b. 24 Mar. 1930, Salt Lake
City to Roy Norby and Lillian Parents Cowdin);
div.; md (2) 16 Feb. 1957 in National City,
Calif. Robert Eugene Stober (b. 7 Jan. 1935,
Wimmer, South Dakota to Glen F, and Roberta
Bunch Stober); div.; md. (3) 14 Nov. 1965, San
Diego, Calif., William Francis Driscoll (b. 18
Sep. 1939, Omaha, Neb., to Frank E, and Mary

Kathleen Kenealy Driscoll.) Children of
Florence Kay Christensen:
First Marriage:
I, Peggy Carole Cowdin b. 6 Nov. 1953,
Ogden, Ut.
Il, Christi Charlene Cowdin b. 9 June 1955,
Ogden,
Second Marriage:
Ill, Debra Ann Stober b. 25 Aug. 1957,
National City, Calif,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Clifton Christensen 802

IV. Robert Eugene Stober Jr. b. 17 Aug. 1959,
El Cajon, Calif.

V. Baby boy Stober b. Aug. 1960, El Cajon;
d. at birth, unnamed,

VI. Rebecca Ann Stober b. 23 Mar. 1962,
El Cajon.

(C) Carole Frances Christensen born 5 Dec. 1938,
Ogden, Utah

Third Marriage:

(D) Robert Patterson Christensen born 26 Feb.
1946 in Ogden, Utah; md, 13 Feb. 1968 in
Ogden, Cheryl Ann Hagood (b. 29 Aug. 1947,
San Diego, Calif. to Billy Jack and Afton Mary
Denstad Hagood - now Mrs. Wallace.)

(E) David Earl Christensen born 14 Mar, 1953
in Ogden,

(29) Clifton Christensen Bartholomew (5)
according to the account of him in his mother's
Book of Remembrance: "was born 24 Nov. 1906
in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah. He was blessed there
by his grandfather, Bishop John Bartholomew. The
following spring his parents bought a large new
brick home in Gunnison, Utah (1907) where they
moved when he was but a few months old,

"At age six Clifton entered the Gunnison
public schools, On his eighth birthday, 24 Nov.
1914, he was baptized by Joseph W, Vickers in
the Manti Temple and was confirmed the same day
and place by Martin Jenson. When he was four
months past nine he left Gunnison by train, along
with his mother and brothers and sisters, for
Lyman, Wyoming and settled on a ranch six miles
east living there in summers and attending school
in winters for the next two years, Inthe spring of
1918 he moved with his parents and family to
Ogden, Utah. Here, aside from attending school,
etc., he mowed lawns for people and sacked kind-
lings at the kindling factory. He returned to
Lyman, Wyoming for the next school year (1919/20)
and then went to Goshen, Utah with the family the
spring of 1920, living on the Boswell farm two
miles south of Goshen. He finished Jr. High School
<span id="page-??"></span>
803 Clifton Christensen

in Goshen and then went by bus to Payson, Utah
where he attended High School,

"Clifton was ordained a Deacon in the church
1 Apr. 1919 by William Spangenberg in Ogden, and
a Teacher 25 Mar. 1923 by Robert E, Finch in
Goshen. On 24 Apr. 1926 he left for Florida and
worked in electrical work until Sep. 1927. After
a short interval at home he started to work for the
Power and Light Company around Austin and Round
Rock, Texas, and stayed there until about July 1928.
He then worked for the Bingham Canyon Copper
mine till December that same year and then went
back to Texas, working around Ft. Worth and Waco
for the Texas Power and Light and Texas Electric
Service Company. In October of 1929 he was
working at El Paso, Texas for the El Paso Electric
Co. Fromthere he went to Merida, Yucatan,
Mexico, and worked there until September of the
next year, During the year 1931 he worked for
Walker Mine in California, then in 1932 went to
work at Boulder Dam, Later he worked for Tintic
Standard Mine near Dividend, Utah, and then for.
Utah Power and Light Co. in Provo Canyon.and
Park City. In 1936 he worked at. Pioche and Las
Vegas, Nevada, until just before getting married
to Rhea Wilson. After this he went to work for an
electric company in California, living at various
places such as Montebello, Alpine and Whittier."

Clifton wrote a bit about himself and we
quote:-- "In 1926 my brother Edgar and I went to
Miami, Florida, to work for a power company.
We were there in the hurricane of Sep. 1926 when
so many lives were lost and so much damage
occurred, After about 18 months in Florida we
went to Texas where we worked for a Texas utility
company that was building lines to service a large
oil pipeline going to the Eastern States. Two years
later we went to Merida, Yucatain, Mexico, to
work for the Electric Bond and Share Co. until the
depression stopped all work there. I worked on
the Hoover (Boulder) Dam while it was being built.

"I married Rhea Hazel Wilson of Payson, the
girl from across the street, 17 June 1937 in Salt
Lake City, Utah. (She was born 7 Nov. 1913 in
Eureka, Utah to Robert Henry and Zelpha Nisonger
<span id="page-??"></span>
Clifton Christensen 804

Wilson), We went to Los Angeles, Calif. where I
went to work for the Southern California Edison
Company. During World War II 1 went with Lock-
heed Overseas Corporation to Ireland where we
stationed at an Air Force base in Northern Ireland
near Belfast (July 1943-July 1944), In Aug. 1944
I went back to work for the Edison Company, this
time in Redlands, Calif., where I have worked for
the past twenty-four-and-a-half years, ''

In December 1945 Clifton and Rhea moved
into their own home at 812 Sherwood St,, Redlands,
Calif., where they still reside, At last report Rhea
was serving as a counselor in the Relief Society
presidency of their Ward, She says she is having
problems tracing her genealogy. They have no
descendants.

(30) Everette Hale Christensen (4) was born
12 Mar. 1907 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah. He was
named and blessed 2 June 1907 by Niels R. Peter-
sen; baptized 31 Aug. 1915 by Andrew Christensen
(no relation); confirmed the same day by Andrew
Thomson Jr, and ordained a Deacon 8 Nov. 1920
by Joseph H. Carpenter - all in Manti.

I remember him as a round faced, tow
headed little fellow whose hair was rather hard to
manage - a typical Christensen youngster, who
grew to look more like our father than any other
of his sons, though never quite as tall, He was
more modest than us other children and had such
a sweet, gentle disposition, He was so easy to
get along with and I always had a motherly feeling
towards him and tried to take his part in the little
family squabbles that inevitably take place among
children, even in the best of households,

_ We catch glimpses of him as a lad between
his fourth and eighth years, as mother saw him,
for she jotted these accounts down in her journal:

"Sunday morning Aug. 20, 1911 - Iwas
sitting out on the porch a few moments ago watching
Sherman and Hale. They were by the fence gather-
ing the pink hollyhocks. Hale had on his little white
suit and their white heads looked beautiful to me
<span id="page-??"></span>
805 Everett Hale

there among the flowers. , , Sep. 18, 1911 -
School starts this morning. Hale andT are alone.
He has on his little yellow suit which looks just

the color of his hair. . . Oct. 18, 1911 - Hale is
off somewhere playing. Well, if is good that he
can be gathering some of the gold from this lovely
October weather to last him through the short,
dark winter days, . . June 19, 1912 - Just got
through making Hale a waist, and Hale and Sherman
have been worrying me about making them some
flags. (Hale went off without his flag)... Across
the road I see Hale leading Reid's dog. Lucian is
playing the drum and they are all singing. I know
that Sherman is just outside longing for his flag so
that he can join them in their parade, , , July 8,
1912 - Ijust got through making a cake. Sherman
and Hale went to the grocery for the bananas, I
emptied the mixing bowl and there ensued a wrangle
between them over which was going to scrape the
bowl, Ihad to draw a line through the center and
each took a side of the bowl to scrape as they sat
on the floor. 'Don't pound the bowl, Hale!'., ,
Nov. 18, 1912 - There the children lie, Sherman
with his feet in Hale's side; Hale with his little

red face and tangled white hair. The children

take almost every moment of the day. Hale has
been so trying. He lets out some of the biggest
yells for a little fellow lever heard. I suppose

the passing years will lend luster to those yells
which now annoy me and turn them to music.

May 16, 1913 - A show of great importance is
taking place at Margaret's this afternoon. Hale,
delighted with the prospects of being an actor,
hastened through his dinner. Five minutes ago

he came aimlessly walking home. 'Why Hale, why
aren't you over at the show?' Ilasked. 'I won't be
in it,' he said. 'They dressed me up like a girl
and were going to make me be the cook. The dress
was ugly, with a yellow string on it'. He stands
here now. 'There they go' he just said. 'All the
kids are going. That's Arthur running across now.
They think it's such a grand show, but they just
have a little stubby tent!' (This with great dis-
dain). . . Sherman, at the show, is dressed like

a Captain, while Reva, Virginia and Elaine have
their dancing dresses on, Hale absolutely refuses

<span id="page-??"></span>
Everett Hale 806

to go over, Ijust gave him an egg to spend if he
would go over to Uncle Fred's store and get me a
spool of thread. . . May 17, 1914 - The water was
running down badly and filling the hollow just south
of the apricot tree. Itold Hale I would give him
an egg if he would go up to the corner and turn it
off, Sherman said he would, They both went, as
did Phil. They each took an egg and went to the
Sugar Bowl to buy candy. . . Here they are now,
happy with their purchases, They are treating

me with candy, '!

Hale was nine years and four-and-a-half
months old when Mother died, After that, although
Aunt Vena, then Aunt Retta, then others came to
help in the home and finally Aunt Myrtle as a
second mother, yet he spent as much time as
possible with his father and on the various ranches -
Gunnison, Flat Canyon and Star (for a short time.)
He took responsibility readily and was a hard
worker and most dependable with the farm work.
Yet his mind seemed of a mechanical bent and he
became particularly interested in radio, Bert
Gledhill, once a foreman on the Gunnison ranch,
remembers Hale's aerial wires and antennas being
strung in every direction there on the ranch, from
the farmhouse to the granary and even to one of
the big barns, as he experimented with electro-
magnetic waves,

I recall spending part of New Years Eve with
Hale in the 'Buff Room!" upstairs in our home in
Manti the year end following my marriage (1923).
A radio he had constructed was set up in the east
window with wires going every which way both
inside and out. He tried to explain to me the
principles upon which it worked and we took turns
wearing the attached ear phones, as he tuned into
the festivities in New York, Chicago and other
distant cities as the New Year arrived there. I
had never experienced radio before and to me it
seemed like amiracle, Hale had great ambitions
along this line,

After the family moved to Orem and he grad-
uated from High School, Father then being in the
midst of a financial struggle, Hale got employment
with a General Land Office survey, Ralph Gentry
<span id="page-??"></span>
807 Everett Hale

engineer, Though Father wanted him to start
college the next winter, Hale, always most con-
siderate and mindful of Father and others, decided
against it, as excerpts from some of his letters at
that period show:-- 'Kamas, Sept. 24, '27 - Dear
Dad: Just a line to léf you know I'm all right. We
are going to move from here on the first of October,
maybe sooner if the snow drives us out. I suppose
our next camp will be in the Ophir country. Two
of the fellows have quit. . . Ophir, Ut. Oct, 28, '27 -
Dear Dad: I have been keeping notes onthe rear
end of the chain for the last month and am doing all
right. The work gets tiresome at times, but I
suppose it's all for the best, I must try to save
enough money this year to buy me some clothes
and to start my radio business going, I want so
much to help out alli can. . . I'm not going to
school this year Dad. Iam going to build radio
sets, etc. I will not have to carry any overhead
expense, just keep enough parts on hand to fill
orders. In addition to this Iam going to take a
drafting course from the American School, This
is a complete course in general drafting. Then
they give you a specialized course in one of five
branches, mechanical, architectural, structural,
electronic or automobile drafting, and guarantee
you a job on completion of the course, It looks
like a good layout and I know I can make it. What
do you think of it?"

Though father thought that Hale would have
done better to have entered school, he did not, He
came home in time for the holiday season in Orem
and began taking an interest in some of the young
people there, although his heart was set on a girl
in Manti with whom he had kept company before
leaving there, He corresponded with Ada regularly
and began to think some of marriage, Sherman,
himself married and away attending law school in
Washington, D. C., encouraged him in this but
Father, though he didn't say much about it to Hale
since it was his habit to let his children make their
own decisions as they grew older, felt that he would
be better off to get as well prepared as possible for
his life's work beforehand. Ina letter to Sherman
dated Mar. 4, 1928, Father wrote, ''I don't know
just what Hale will do this summer, He talks like
<span id="page-??"></span>
Everett Hale 808

he intends to go on the survey again. If he does I
want to be able to help him out so that he can go to
school next year. I believe I will encourage him

to go to Logan and take an engineering course, He
is taking a course by correspondence in drafting

but he is working at that under quite a disadvantage.
He will do fine in his line if he can get well prepared,
Iam going to make every effort to have him take a
complete course so that he can get where he would
like to."

Hale's drafting outfit came and he tried to
keep more or less employed with that during the
winter, He also advertized as having a ''parts
installing service'' and ''radio sets'' and got a little
business along that line. As spring approached he
helped on the place, pruning the trees, etc, His
twenty-first birthday, Mar, 12, 1928, was cele-
brated by a supper prepared by Aunt Myrtle in her
usual efficient manner and attended by several of
his young men friends, But he did not seem entirely
satisfied with life and wanted to ''reach out" for
something better, Nevertheless he didn't complain.

Among the letters Hale wrote at that time was
one dated Mar. 20, 1928 to his brother Sherman,
From this we quote:- "It's a beautiful spring
morning. , . Things are coming along all right on
the farm; lots of work as you may know. We haven't
started to put the crops in as yet but we are preparing
the land for same in husbandlike manner. Things
are surely getting beautiful around these parts,
everything getting green, and ummmm - spring is
in the air (as everything and everybody is hauling
manure).

"T went into town last night with Waldo Harris
and his brother, On the way home we ran out of gas
and had to push the big Studabaker up the last hill
and last lap, Waldo walked home with me and as
luck would have it we met a couple of Provo girls
I knew and they had underestimated their supply of
the midnight oil also. But after looking into the
tank we found plenty of the said necessary gasoline
and proceeded to play mechanics on their Chevrolet,
We had much trouble in agreeing as to the ailment
of the lemon, Waldo tore into the gas line and I
into the ignition and very soon we had all the loose
<span id="page-??"></span>
809 Everett Hale

parts on the car entirely loosened and thrown off
to the side, Oh, how we worked - without any suc-
cess, Finally, as an afterthought, we deemed ita
good idea to put the car together again. Oy yoy yoy!
It just couldn't be done - too many parts, However
we did get things bolted on, etc., but it looked like
a very untidy trash pile instead of a car, After
going as far as we had, we decided to play the
gallant Romeos and began taking our walking and
pushing exercises toward Provo. The rest is
short, We hailed a car which acted as atug. We
then made our graceful exit - I hope.

"Will you look up the requirements of taking
the Civil Service examination for draftsman?
Waldo and I are figuring on coming to Washington
next fall, Waldo wants to take up law. We would
like to start studying on something which would
help us to find employment in Washington, I sup-
pose I'll go surveying again this year if I can get
out with Gentry. Ihave already got that hillish
feeling. Love to all. Hale."

Hale wrote another letter to Sherman 5 Apr.
1928, from which we quote excerpts:- ''All things
in general are beginning to look like spring, and
we are Surely thankful as we have been having
bum, windy weather for two months, The berries,
peaches, apricots and cherries are beginning to
bloom, making the valley look like a huge garden,
The sweet smell of spring is inthe air, This has
its effects, Gives one the hankering te go to the
mountains surveying. Yep, I] want to go on the
survey again this year, Took a little trip to Salt
Lake last week to see Gentry. He advised me that
the surveyors wouldn't be going out until about the
first of July. This is due to the government's lack
of funds,

"I am plugging along in my drafting and hope
in the future to find my reward, Are there many
ads in the Washington papers advertising for
draftsman? I suppose, however, there will be a
job for me as soon as I'm prepared, I wish I could
do something to help Dad right now. Of course I
am farming every day, which helps in the long run,
but our finances at present although not the worst
could be better. They are bound to be afterwhile.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Everett Hale 810

Things get discouraging at times but I suppose I
shouldn't kick as Dad bears the brunt of everything."'

Besides working on the farm and around the
place that spring, Hale worked at the Cold Packing
Plant in Orem going on shift from before noon to
nearly midnight. He was doing all he could to help
out, On the farm he often sang at his work, He
had a beautiful high tenor voice and was a member
of a male quartet inthe community. He loved
music and the other arts - the finer things of life.
He loved people, animals, and of course the
beauties of nature, And he loved life, being on
the threshhold of full manhood, What a pity when
such a one is cut down in the midst of such promise
and hope for the future,

That very spring Hale began ailing, as a letter
from Father written June 26, 1928 advises:- ''We
are all well excepting Hale, I had him to Salt Lake
a few days last week trying to find out the matter,
The x-ray expert took a number of pictures but
thus far we have not been satisfied as to what is
the trouble, which seems to be in his bowels. I
am taking him up there again in the morning. We
do not wish to operate until we discover the trouble
if possible from the outside, It is quite a worry
and the poor boy is about discouraged, Gentry
called him the other day and wanted him to go out
with his party but of course he couldn't. Gentry
said, however, that he would hold a job open for
him for a month or two, We are hoping for the best,"

Hale failed to improve. An operation July 30,
1928, though quite serious did not reveal an expected
growth in the large intestines yet it was a great
shock to his system. His condition gave much
cause for concern, Though he was able to return
home from the hospital at that time and seemed to
feel some better yet he was in constant pain and
had a very hard time of it. He took some treat-
ments to stimulate the nerves controlling the colon
activity, where the trouble seemed to be located,
and did all else that the doctors thought might help.
Nothing helped and he was operated on again, Oct,
15, 1928 in the Salt Lake LDS Hospital, requiring
blood transfusions because of his frail condition.
<span id="page-??"></span>
811 Everett Hale

They found that part of his large intestine
had become enmeshed with a large, hard growth
almost completely closing it off. Much inflama-
tion had occurred which had affected some of the
small intestines. He suffered most severe pain.
The doctors had to leave part of the large intestine
on the outside so that the affected part could sluff
off, and also leave his side open so that it could
drain, Later the large intestine was opened so
that it could drain through the side of the abdomen.
Though this brought some improvement and hope,
it was only temporary.

Hale wrote what is thought to be his last
letter, lying on his back in bed in the hospital
where he was suffering terribly. This is the —
letter:- 'Dec, 13, 1928 - Dearest Dad in all the
world: Today is your birthday and I wish you all
the happiness and joy in the world, Oh, Iam
thankful for a father like you even if I haven't
shown it, It's been my ambition to become as big
and respected a man as you are; always thinking
of others, sacrificing, bringing joy wherever. you
go. Words cannot express how I feel and my love
for you. :

"T hope you are all over your cold and feeling
fine. And I hope you have been successful in your
cases, I have been feeling better lately and my
spirits are high. Well, dear Dad, give my love
to Aunt Myrtle and the children and everybody.
Daddy Ilove you, Your loving son - Hale."'.

In a letter to Sherman Dec, 24, 1928, Father
told of preparations for Hale's last Christmas: -
"Aunt Myrtle and I came up Saturday to do what
we could to give Hale a little Christmas cheer.
Aunt Myrtle went home yesterday and I. will go
home today and we will all come up to,.see him
tomorrow, The folks here are all doing what they
can to cheer him. Some young people, girls and’
boys from the Bench, came up yesterday and
brought him a beautiful bouquet of roses, and
other tokens, Gentry also came and spent some ©
time with him and brought him a present, Aunt:
Retta and family brought a beautiful Christmas | -
tree all decorated, And so with these and other .
flowers and presents coming in, his room has been
<span id="page-??"></span>
Everett Hale 812

given a real Christmas appearance, The folks

here will bring presents this evening and try to

give Hale as pleasant a Christmas Eve as possible,
We should like to be here, but Hale wants us to have
our usual Christmas Eve at home for the children's
sake, He says he will certainly be there in thoughts,
and then we will come up tomorrow, children and all.

"Hale has been the most wonderful spirit
through all this long suffering and still keeps his
sweet disposition. He is a favorite and the nurses
all really love him and seek to do everything for
him possible. . . The awful reality of his not being
able to get well is forcing itself upon us in spite of
our great hopes and constant prayers. I feel that
Hale too realizes the situation and is making a
valiant fight to keep us hoping and to save us from
the terrible shock. . . If ever a man has proved
himself worthy of the highest respect and admira-
tion under the most trying conditions and suffering,
that one is our Hale. And through it all it has
seemed that his greatest concern has been for
us. . . Well, if he must go, his young life and
character will be an inspiration to all of us to
achieve nobility of character and real success,

I always thought that Hale had the making of a fine
man, and the test that has come to him has proved
him worthy of a place among the glorified,"

Sherman came from Washington shortly after
the holidays and spent a week with Hale, It was a
reunion and a farewell for two devoted brothers,
with smiles hiding heartbreak, one on the threshold
of full manhood and success - the other smitten and
wilting in his hospital bed, When and where are
decisions of such distinction made?

Cancer is a vicious and unmerciful foe, Hale
suffered on, as revealed in others of father's letters
written at intervals to Sherman:-- "Jan, 29, 1929 -
I just came from the hospital where I have been
visiting Hale all day, The wonderful fight he is
making must challenge our admiration and we can
hardly think of him losing the fight. Dr. Andrew
said tonight he is a most wonderful patient and it
is almost more than he as a doctor can stand to
see Hale so courageous and find himself helpless
to help him. . . Feb, 13 - Hale is in very great
<span id="page-??"></span>
813 Everett Hale

distress, It seems like the poor, dear boy must
suffer all the torture that a human being can endure,
Gentry was up here this evening but Hale couldn't
talk to him; he was under the influence of morphine.
We are doing everything we can for him but it is
very little we can do it seems. , . Feb. 20 - We
are all well with the exception of Hale. He is very
poorly, having much pain and is getting very weak.
He has eaten scarcely anything for three weeks,
Still he is that gentle, loving, appreciative soul,
scarcely ever complaining evenin his pain. ,

Feb, 25 - I have been here with Hale the greater
part of this week, The way he has acted during
this terrible sickness has not only been a wonder
but a great inspiration. While my heart bleeds for
him continually, I cannot help but be most proud

of him."

Hale passed away the morning of Mar. 9,
1929, A letter written that same day by his
brother Phillip to loved ones in Washington D. C,
is quoted here:- ‘It's a wonderful brother that is
gone to a better world, Iam thankful that I have
had the opportunity and blessing of knowing him as
Ihave, It will help me be a much better person,
He would have made a wonderful person to carry
on our work here, , . I'm no flowery writer but I
surely feel that Hale is filling a purpose by doing
what he has done. I feel that back in the other
world Hale volunteered to do this thing that he has
done for some deep object and that his age enabled
him to see it through. . ."'

And Father wrote:- 'Hale's was a wonderful
struggle to win health again, but it could not be. .
While my judgment had been convinced for some
time that he could not recover, my feelings
remained unconvinced to the last day. But his
last day's struggle was such that I could not desire
him to continue the fight longer, He remained con-
scious until about the last, although his fever was
about up to 107 and he had been given about 28
grains of morphine during the last day and night. .
Hale was a real hero through it all and while I
should gladly have given what was left of my days
to have him spared, yet I feel a comfort and pride
in the way he bore his cross throughout this terrible
<span id="page-??"></span>
Everett Hale 814

ordeal, , . That boy has shown himself worthy to
a glorious place on the other side, . . He wili be
another there whose spirit will plan and pray for
our welfare and will be happy to greet us when our
work here is done. May it be as fearlessly and
nobly done as his, . . Iam sure Hale's wonderful
life, though short, will be an aid and inspiration to
us all and another star of hope to guide us over any
perilous places we may encounter along life's
highway. He will always occupy an honored place
in our family group." ,

Funeral services were held for Hale on his
twenty-second birthday, Tue. 12 Mar. 1929,
beginning at high noon, A local newspaper carried
this account:- "Orem Youth is Buried - Impressive
funeral services for Hale Christensen, son of A, H.
Christensen, who died Saturday morning were held
in the Timpanogos Ward chapel Tuesday afternoon.
Bishop James H, Clark presided. Miss Thera Lou
Olsen and Mrs, .S, D. Wilstead rendered the vocal
duet 'Prayer Perfect' and the invocation was
offered by M. A, Rowley, Miss Olsen sang ‘When
Roses Bioom',. The speakers were J. B. Keeler,
Hyrum S, Harris and Arthur V, Watkins. Miss
Inez Holdaway and Miss Virginia Taylor furnished
the vocal duet 'One Fleeting Hour' and the solo, 'In
My father's House are Many Mansions' was
rendered by Miss Myrle Perkins, As a closing
number a quartet consisting of Ivan Pyne, John
Shepherd, Mrs. Daphne Loveless, and Mrs, Lucy
Poulson sang 'Rest for the Weary Soul', James C,
Jensen pronounced the benediction, The services
were well attended and the floral tributes were
many and beautiful, The body was taken to Manti
where short services were held and interment made,"

A number of friends and many of our Snow
relatives accompanied our family from Orem to the
Manti Cemetery, as well as Uncle Charles Peterson
and Byron. We arrived there about 5:15 p,m. and
although it was cold a good sized crowd was waiting
at the graveside, We put our precious Hale away
beside our dear mother in a wilderness of flowers.
A chorus sang "Sometime We'll Understand,'' Our
old neighbor, Brother Carpenter, made a few
remarks, Mr. & Mrs. Ellis Johnson sang
<span id="page-??"></span>
815 Everett Hale

"Beautiful Home'' and a former close neighbor,
Edgar T. Reid, dedicated the grave, What a host
of friends Hale had. This was evident not only
during his illness but at his funeral and burial as
well, So many young people were in attendance.

None of Father's brothers and sisters were
present at the funeral or burial. Neither Aunt
Vena or Aunt Elsie could be there, Uncle Andrew
was in California and Aunt Sarah couldn't come,
Aunt Florence had been taken to the hospital again
so Uncle Louis wasn't there, and Uncle Arthur was
working on a ranch somewhere and couldn't be
reached, Everyone there at the burial however
was so wonderful to us. We stayed all night at
Manti. Phil, Cullen and Mable slept at Reids.
Father and Aunt Myrtle stayed with Aunt Millie
at the Eagle House, while I stayed with step-
grandmother, Sorena, in the old home where both
Grandmother and Grandfather Christensen had
passed away. I seemed to feel their spirits there.
I'm sure they were among those to welcome. Hale
on the other side.

My conversation with Sorena was mostly |
about Grandfather's last illness and suffering, for
he had been gone but a few months, Then we talked
of the life hereafter - and somehow we hit upon the
subject of genealogy. I had never thought of this
seriously before but that night I was struck with
my responsibility in this matter, I came away
from Manti bearing Grandmother's and Grand-
father's Temple Record Book, together witha
firm determination to seek out my dead progenitors
and do something about them, And thus, with Hale's
death, there was born in me the spirit of Elijah. I
did not know then that some thirty-two years hence
I should be spared from a fate similar to this pre-
cious brother's only by the miracle of modern
medicine and a Divine Providence - spared as it
were, or So it seems to me now, to work on our
. genealogy. Truly, ''God moves in a mysterious
way - oe iW

Father, torn for a year after our beloved
Hale's death with nights of sleeplessness and days
of remembering his suffering, went to the Salt
Lake Temple the evening of Hale's twenty-third
<span id="page-??"></span>
Nephi Wesley 816

birthday, 12 Mar. 1930, together with Elaine and
her husband Ted, and performed the holy endow-
ment ordinance for him, A serene peace came to
Father after that, as far as the memory of Hale

was concerned, knowing that he had done the last
great earthly service for this dear, departed son,

(31) Nephi Wesley Christensen (8) We copy
from the Salt Lake Tribune writeup at the time of
Wesley's death, under the headlines 'Prominent
Dividend Mining Man Dies in S, L. C. Hospital",
as follows:-- 'Nephi Wesley Christensen, 48,
prominent resident of Dividend and well known
mining man, died Wednesday at 11:00 a.m, (10
Aug. 1955) in a Salt Lake City hospital following
a short illness, (Holy Cross Hospital),

"He was born 16 May 1907 at Gunnison
(Sanpete Co., Utah) son of Arthur and Millie
Gledhill Christensen. He attended Manti High
School and served several years in the Navy.
(There is an error here - he attended Gunnison
High School, not Manti).

"He married Leola Burraston Aug. 28, 1929
in Nephi. They have made their home in Dividend
for the last twenty-eight years. During that time
he had held many positions with Tintic Standard
Mining Co. and at the time of his death was Gen-
eral Superintendent of the mine.

"Christensen was very active in civic affairs
and was a Past Master of Tintic Lodge No. 9 F &
A. M., and was Exalted Ruler of the Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks Lodge of Eureka,
Utah, the year before his death, holding offices
in each at the time of his death. He had acted for
a number of years as Democratic Chairman for the
Tintic District.

"Funeral services will be held Saturday in
the Quist-Fairbanks Funeral Home in Orem, Rev.
George Webber will officiate in conjunction with
Tintic Mason and Elk lodges, Friends may call
at the funeral home from 7 to 9 p,m. Friday and
Saturday before the services to view the body.
Burial will be in the Provo City Cemetery.
<span id="page-??"></span>
817 Nephi Wesley

"Survivors include his widow and one son,
Dennis Wesley Christensen, Dividend; and one
daughter, Mrs, Eugene (Colleen) McGee and one
grandson of Boulder, Colorado; his mother, Mrs,
Millie Gudmundson, Salt Lake City; three brothers,
A. Melrose, Max and David, all of Salt Lake City;
two sisters, Mrs, Douglas (Grace) Larsen, Salt
Lake, and Miss Gladys Christensen, San Francisco,
California," ,

Wesley's wife, Rosaleola, or Leola, Burraston
Christensen (b. 2 Nov. 1912 in Goshen, Utah to
James and Ruth Esther Ercanbrack), now Mrs.
Curtis O, Montgomery of Sterling, Colorado, writes
of him:- ''Wesley joined the service a year or two
after his graduation from high school, He spent
several years in the Navy band. I don't remember
his rating.

‘Wes was known to be one of the best
swimmers around, in fact a beautiful swimmer.
There were so many things that were hobbies of
his and he was a master at all of them, Because
of his wonderful memory he was asked to participate
in various offices even after he became ill.

"He was very much like his father in many,
many way,s; being very quiet and so thoughtful and
kind, but in looks he favored his mother's side of
the family although many people mistook him for
his cousin Sherman Christensen in his last few
years, (They did look alike then), Wes was about
5'11'" tall, with curly auburn hair, brown eyes and
a handsome straight stature (well disciplined). To
me he was almost perfect.

"He died of kidney infection (nephritis) and
finally heart failure. I sensed something beautiful
about his death. He didn't attend church a great
deal except with me and when the children were
small, but he was a deeply religious man at heart,

"TI met Wesley in Dividend. I was assistant
postmistress at the Tintic Standard Mining Co.
there for many years, I acted as such again for
a few months when he became ill and just before
he passed away, With the exception of some few
months in about 1928 when he left the mine to
help his father on a ranch, Wes was in the. mining
<span id="page-??"></span>
Nephi Wesley 818
business all of his adult life."

Echos of the past are heard in the words of a
letter written by Wesley's sister Grace to his sister
Gladys in California, Wed. 11 Nov. 1942:- ''Dear
Gladys. Doug and I spent last weekend with Wes
and Leola. Mostly we visited, talked about you,
the war - how it could be won, etc., and hunted
pheasants, We did a lot of hiking, falling over
fences and ditches, but we did get our limit.
Surely had a good time. Wes is one grand fellow -
heart as big as a house! Leola has developed a
fast heart - really quite worried about her.

"The biggest thrill was the deer we shot, We
brought home five birds, Wes, the cutie, put three
extra birds in our car for mother. The older I get
the more I appreciate our wonderful brothers. They
are all so different and so lovable. Couldn't help
but think how you would have enjoyed the trip with
us. - Love, Grace,''!

Descendants of Nephi Wesley Christensen
and Leola Burraston:--

(A) Dennis Wesley Christensen born 20 Jan. 1935
in Dividend, Utah; md. 2 June 1956 in Salt Lake
City, Utah, Marilyn Beverly Johnson (b, 24 Apr.
1936 in Oakland, Calif. to Reynold Quentin and
Mildred Argyle Johnson). Children:-

I. Cindy Lee Christensen b, 29 June 1957,

_ Salt Lake City, Ut.

Il. Sherri Lynn Christensen b. 18 Aug. 1959,
Salt Lake City.

Ill. Todd Wesley Christensen b. 25 Jan. 1962,
Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida

Iv, Valeria Ann Christensen b, 22 Aug. 1963,
Tyndall AFB

V. Mark Dennis Christensen b. 29 Sep. 1966,
San Antonio, Texas.

(B) Colleen Christensen born 23 Feb. 1930,
Dividend, Utah; md. 23 Oct. 1951 in Salt Lake
City, Utah, Eugene Nilsson McGee (b. 21 May
1926 in St. George, Utah to James Grover and
Martina Nilsson McGee.) Children:

I, Michael Eugene McGee b. 21 Dec. 1952,
Salt Lake City, Utah; d. 1 Jan, 1953, Salt
Lake City.
<span id="page-??"></span>
819 Nephi Wesley

Il. Dennis Eugene McGee b. 27 Dec. 1953,
Boulder, Colo., d. 1 July 1962, buried in
Provo, Utah

Ill. Michael Kevin McGee b. 31 Aug. 1964,
Denver, Colo.

IV. Lisa Colleen McGee b. 27 Dec, 1965,
Denver.

(32) Spencer Christensen (7) was born in
Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah 31 Mar. 1908. His sister
LaFaun writes: 'Spencer died 6 May 1908 in
Gunnison, I remember being with him at the time.
He took convulsions, He was buried in the Gunni-
son Cemetery. I used to ride my horse to the
cemetery nearly every day during nice weather to
put flowers on his little grave. I remember his
funeral, which was held in our Christensen grand-
parents' big rock house which later became our
home,"

(33) Elsie Eliza Christensen (2) was born
30 Oct. 1908 in Salt Lake City, Utah. She died at
seventeen months, 8 Apr. 1910, having been
drowned in the fish pond at the family home in Salt
Lake City. She was buried in Provo, Utah.
Details of her death can be found in earlier pages
of this book.

(34) Grace Christensen, twin (8) calls her
history ''My Memories." Although many of her
memories have been quoted in earlier pages of
this book, some have been repeated here:- ''Three
of the six children of Millie and Arthur Christensen
were born in the 'rock house! in West Gunnison,
This house, as I remember, was a square struc-
ture with an upstairs and balcony. The water we
used was taken from a well at the back door. For
light we used kerosine lamps. In fact, Dr. Hagan
bumped his head on the hanging lamp when he
delivered us twins, Gladys and me. I heard the
grown-ups talk and joke so much about this that I
actually thought I had seen it and heard the bang,

"My parents were proud and happy with their
<span id="page-??"></span>
Grace Christensen 820

enlarged family - four children under the age of
four. Then too, the way things happened was quite
the talk around town, Iwas born about twenty
minutes before midnight on Feb. 16, 1909 and
Gladys was born about twenty minutes after mid-
night on Feb. 17, 1909. Twins born on different
days, Our family moved to a ranch at Upton, Utah,
when the two of us were going on three (1911),
Gladys seemed to be the constant concern of every-
one there, She got into so muchtrouble. Iwas in
on some of it too.

"Both Melrose and Wesley started school at
Upton. They rode horses; we all did - the four kids
on one horse at times, Melrose was reliable and
was the 'boss' when Mother and Dad were away. I
remember the wonderful music of my Mother and
Father, Their voices blended so beautifully.
Mother played the guitar and Dad the mandolin, ©
At this time I thought there was nothing so heavenly.
Many times we were lulled to sleep by their songs,

''We moved back to Gunnison into the house
Father had bought from our Uncle Chris, Mother
really had her hands full trying to get Gladys and
me ready for our first day at school. Everything
was. home-made - even our bloomers and our hand
knit stockings, I recall so well the old rain barrel
just outside the door, This soft rainwater was used
for washing our long hair,

"That late fall we moved into the handsome
red-brick house Father bought from Aunt Elsie.
This was wonderful - pavement all over, up to the
barn, around the house - everywhere. We raced
around in our little wagons, It was shortly after
this that Father and Mother decided to go into the
grocery business and politics. Dad was persuaded
by friends to run for Mayor of Gunnison, He lost
the race by two votes, Actually, he was relieved
to have lost; his heart wasn't in it - nor the grocery
store either, He longed to be outside with the
animals and soil. So he rented a farm west of
Gunnison and we moved there. Melrose, Wesley,
Gladys and I were old enough to help on the farm.
We worked hard with the sugar beets, hay, grain,
etc., for a year or two, Then we moved back to
the red-brick home.
<span id="page-??"></span>
821 Grace Christensen

"At Christmas time, when Gladys and I were
sophomores in Gunnison High School, we moved to
Manti to run and operate the Eagle House Hotel.
Gladys and I graduated from Manti High School
and then rode the bus one year to attend Snow
College in Ephraim, some miles to the north.
Gladys was offered a job, and accepted, to teach
group piano to school children in South Sanpete
School District, I finished my second year at
Snow and received a teacher's certificate.

"T taught two years at Mt. Emmons in
Duchesne Co,, Utah. The following summer I met
Douglas Larsen, a registered professional
engineer and surveyor, From then on I decided
to work nearby, so taught fifth grade at Gunnison
for one-and-a-half years, Father was then ranch-
ing at Trout Creek and it was here his health
began to fail. He died in the LDS Hospital in Salt
Lake City 2 Dec. 1932 at age fifty, of a ruptured
gall bladder,

"Douglas and I were married a month later,
3 Jan. 1933, at Richfield, Utah. (Douglas Forrester
Larsen b. 6 Aug. 1899, Salt Lake City, Utah to
John and Louise Larsen Larsen). Doug's work as
an engineer took us to several places in our early
married years - Parowan, Beaver, Vernal, Price,
three years in Richfield, etc. In 1941 we moved
to Salt Lake City where Doug was District Engineer
for the State Highway Dept. and later Chief Con-.
struction and Materials engineer.

"By this time Mother had moved to a big
house in Salt Lake City and we ‘moved in with her.
David and Max were still at home and Gladys also
lived with Mother until 1942 when she moved to
California, Our daughter, Sydney, was born while
we were living here, in 1943. When she was six
months old we bought a home on Hollywood Ave.
and lived there about two years,

"In the meantime Mother married Octav
Gudmundson and was working at Auerbach's, We
moved back with her and 'Goodie'. In those days
the children were coming and going; it wasn't
unusual to cook and do for fifteen people at once.
Then in Aug. 1950 Doug and I bought our present
<span id="page-??"></span>
Grace Christensen 822
home on Emerson Ave, and moved into that.

"Sydney was then in school, so I decided to
go back to my profession of teaching. Ihave been
at Highland Park Elementary School for nearly
sixteen years, I graduated from the University of
Utah cum laude in 1965. A year later Sydney
received her BS degree from the U of U in recrea-
tional therapy. She has been working as a therapist
with special children at the Primary Children's
Hospital in Salt Lake City since then and is working
on her Masters degree."

- Daughter of Grace Christensen and Douglas
Forrester Larsen:-

(A) Maxine Sydney Larsen born 17 Oct. 1943 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 23 May 1969 in Salt
Lake City, Harry Lewis Post (b. 11 July 1945
in Salt Lake City to William Allsworth and Sara
LeLisle Cram Post).

(35) Gladys Christensen, twin (8) was born
17 Feb. 1909 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. She
gives glimpses into various periods of her life as
she writes her ''Recollections":-- ''Upton - age
about four or five. Grace and I used to play in
the storehouse which was sometimes used for the
storage of dynamite, One of our favorite games
was playing 'Papa and Mama', One day Grace was
the papa, whose job was to get up in the morning
to make the fire. She set fire to a rope which was
hanging from the ceiling. About that time mother
called and we scampered out, not realizing that in
a matter of minutes the whole place would be
ablaze. Our Uncle Albert Gledhill spotted the
smoke and got everyone out of our adjoining house
ina hurry, as they thought there was dynamite
there, though it turned out there wasn't at that
time. Grace and I didn't tell anyone till years
later that we started that fire.

"Uncle Bert saved me again! He was coming
home from the fields and spotted a gingham dress
floating in the ditch of water not far from our house,
He thought that a piece of mother's washing had
blown into the ditch. He pulled it out and lo and
behold it was I! Apparently I had been watching
<span id="page-??"></span>
823 Gladys Christensen

the water running under the bridge and fallen in,
He carried me by the heels to the house and the
doctor said this probably saved my life by allowing
all the water to drain out of me.

"Gunnison - age six, I remember how anxious
Iwas to go to school. The day finally arrived and
Iwas so afraid I was going to be late. In despera-
tion Mother finally put me in a closet until it was
time to go. It was fun being 'twins' in school. I
don't recall any others in our grade. My name was
always 'Grace and Gladys' and Grace's was 'Gladys
and Grace'. Soon we moved to live in-a beautiful
red-brick house in the east part oftown. I guess
we didn't have much money because mother took
in boarders.

"Then one summer we almost cried when we
found out that Dad and Mother had rented our
beautiful house to some 'foreigners' and we were
going to move to a farm northwest of Gunnison.
There was a two roomed house on the farm and it
was really surprising how warm and comfortable
Mother made it look, although it was rather
crowded for our family of seven. Mother wanted
to be sure that our musical education was not
neglected, so down to the farm went our piano and
every week there were music lessons in town, with
plenty of practicing in between, In winter we went
to school by buggy and 'Old Grady’, our dear old:
horse, Rain, snow or shine we went to school!
Also in winter Mother insisted that Grace and I
wear those awful hand knitted black stockings.

We were so embarrassed with them that they came
off as soon as we hit the school grounds. Then _
there were those ‘black sateen bloomers and the
scuffers' which never seemed to wear out.

"Salt Lake City - age twelve. I-went to live
with my Aunt Mary and Uncle Glen Dowdle in Sait
Lake City. Mother thought that I should further |
my musical education at the McCune School of . |
Music. I went to summer school there on Sixth |
South. I had a great time and loved living with. .
Aunt Mary. Idon't know what arrangements were
made for my keep, but every week here would _
come two lbs. of home-made butter and printed
on the wrapping 'Made by Mrs. A. M. Christensen. '
<span id="page-??"></span>
Giadys Christensen 824

Mother used to sell her home-made butter to
stores in Gunnison, One morning Aunt Mary
found me asleep in bed with a picture of Melrose
in my arms and tear stains on my face, so that
was the end of my city life for awhile.

"Manti - age fifteen. In the middle of my
second year in High School we moved to Manti and
started a new life in the 'Eagle House Hotel'. Dad
left the hotel business to us women and went to
work elsewhere, Mother too worked very hard
(with our help) and it was not an easy life, but it
was not without its compensations. We did meet
many new friends. Doug Larsen was one of
Mother's star boarders at the hotel. He worked
for the Utah State Road Commission and spent
quite a lot of time in Manti, At one time there
was some competition between Grace and me
about who would get a date with Mr. Larsen.
Grace finally won out and she and Douglas have
been happily married for thirty-six years,

"Miss Farnsworth (later Aunt Myrtle) taught
me English composition at Manti High. She was
an excellent teacher. After graduation from there
Grace and I attended Snow College. After a year
there Mr, E. T. Reid, Superintendent of the South
Sanpete School District, asked me to consider
teaching group piano in the district. It was done
with cardboard keyboards. I agreed and spent the
summer studying in Salt Lake City, again at the
McCune School of Music. I lived with Aunt Sarah
Christensen and just loved her, I spent many
happy times that summer with cousins Margaret
and Lucile.

"I taught that winter and spent my time in
schools of nine different towns, One of these
towns was Clarion where most of my students
were Japanese - but they were excellent students.
I would ride with Mr, Reid when he was going my
way. Other times it was agreed that I could get
a car at the Gently Garage in Manti. They charged
the school district eight cents per mile which
included gas, oil and the works. Ireally hada
good time on those days.

"Grace went on the college and started a
<span id="page-??"></span>
825 Gladys Christensen

teaching career until she married at the age of
twenty-three. I went on to business college -
teaching was not for me! After graduation I got

a job with the Fleishman Yeast Company, first

in Salt Lake City and then in San Francisco, Calif.
and am still with the same firm." Gladys has
never married and when I saw her last I wondered
how she ever managed it. She is a charming,
lovely person.

(36) Virgil Bartholomew Christensen (3)
was born 26 Feb. 1909 in Gunnison, anpete,
Utah, in the home in west Gunnison which is still |
standing (1969). His wife Elda writes of him:-
"Virgil attended grade school and high school
(up to a Junior) in Gunnison. When he was about
twelve they moved from the big home of his birth
to a farm west of Gunnison known as Rocky Point.
From here they walked to school, good weather
or bad. a :

"Virgil's mother told of him having a bad
sick spell when he was very young. It started
with ‘summer complaint' which ran on until they
were afraid they would lose him. The doctor said
if he did live his mind might be affected. But
through prayer and the power of the priesthood he
was cured and became a well, healthy child,
growing to be the largest of Joseph and Roxie's
family of big sons, .

"Virgil and his brothers had lots of good
times along with the hard times. One fall, at
duck season, Marvin and he decided to go hunting
early so that they would be out and ready to hunt
at daybreak, They set the clock and went to bed.
When the alarm went off they were up and away.
It was cold, They waited and waited for daylight
to come but it seemed it never would get light.
Virgil said he just couldn't figure out why it took
so long to get light. Finally Marvin admitted that
he had set the clock ahead so they'd be sure to be
on time. They had been sitting there half the night."

Virgil was past seventeen when his father
died in the farm house near Rocky Point, leaving
the family in very modest circumstances. Harold
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virgil Bartholomew 826

and Ruth Ellen had long since left the home and
Myron married within the year, leaving him as
"man of the house'', He and his mother and two
younger brothers, Marvin and Don, tried to make
eut on Rocky Point for awhile after that, but the
fall of 1928 they left and moved to Fayette, some
six miles north, to live with his mother's brother,
Uncle Henry Bartholomew, whose wife had recently
passed away leaving him with some young children,
The arrangement turned out fine for both families.
Virgil enjoyed living in Fayette, going with the
young folks, attending church, parties and dances,

On 12 Nov. 1930 in the county seat at Manti,
Sanpete, Utah, he married Elda Jane Hill (b. 27
Aug. 1907 in Fayette to Richard Return and Sarah
Jane Bown Hill). They made Fayette their home
and here they still reside. Elda takes up the
story again:- "Virgil is truck driver by trade - he
has been buying trucks all his married life. He
has hauled cattle, coal, furniture, taken Boy
Scouts and other groups ontrips, anything to
make ends meet. He has also done road construc-
tion work in various places. More recently he has
been working for W. W. Gardener in Salt Lake,
hauling black top and gravel in the summer and
sand and rock in winter. This will be his twelfth
year with Gardener.

"Virgil is 6 ft. 2 inches tall and weighs 260
lbs. He has blue eyes, not very dark hair - now
showing grey - and usually a good natured disposi-
tion, He has been and is a fine father and provider.
Being very fussy and particular when he does a job,
you will know if he builds something it will be
straight. He built most of the home we live in and
the racks and beds for his trucks, though his
present truck has a steel bed.

‘"He is honest, and willing to help people out
whenever he can; for example, a couple came to
our door late one night who were having car trouble,
They were from Salt Lake and headed for Phoenix,
Arizona, Virgil phoned around to try and find
someone to come and fix their car but the garages
were all closed and he could find no help. So he
told the strangers that they could take his car to
Gunnison and:get a motel, there being no such _
<span id="page-??"></span>
827 Virgil Bartholomew

accommodations in Fayette, and then come back
and get their car fixed inthe morning. The man
turned to him and said 'Are you a Bishop?'
Virgil laughed and said, 'Well, I might look the
part but I'm not,'

"He has been a Ward Teacher, Second Coun-
selor in the MIA, and on 3 Dec, 1950 was put in
as Second Counselor in the Sunday School Superin-
tendency. On 23 Nov. 1952 he was made First
Counselor and held the office for several years,
He was also secretary of the Melchizedek priest-
hood but was released from these duties when he
became employed in Salt Lake.

"Virgil loves to hunt. He likes to tell about
the time, over west of Fayette, when he got into a
flock of geese, killing eight - he was so excited
about that. He likes to fish, always trying to outdo
his boys, which isn't easy. I don't believe he has
ever missed a deer hunt since he became old
enough to go. He always goes up Twelve Mile and
all through the years has always gotten his deer.
Our youngest son said, 'I wouldn't miss that first
night of the deer hunt for anything - sitting around
the campfire listening to all the deer stories they
tell.' The fall of 1966 there were thirteen men in
Virgil's hunting party and they killed twelve deer -
it was most exciting! They put all the deer in one
pickup truck and came down the canyon singing and
tooting the horns of their cars for all the other
hunters to see and hear. They telephoned ahead
from Mayfield for their wives to meet them in
Gunnison and take pictures of the haul.

"We have traveled quite a bit. Virgil went .
back to Detroit after one of his trucks, He drove
to Los Angeles to pick up a load of furniture for a
lady and said he liked to never have gotten out of
that city. In 1964 we drove to Moab and watched
some of the filming of 'The Greatest Story Ever
Told', currently being shown in local theaters,
Then we drove on to see the Arizona Temple at
Mesa and the Wax. Museum in Scottsdale and other
points of interest in Phoenix, etc. In 1965 we
traveled to San Diego, Tijuana, Mexico, and
visited a daughter in Los Angeles, In 1966 we
went to San Francisco and drove over to see the
<span id="page-??"></span>
Virgil Bartholomew 828

Oakland Temple, etc. The spring of 1967 we
visited in Oregon and the Northwest. This
current spring, 1969, we again took a trip to
Oregon to visit our daughter Jean,"

Descendants of Virgil Bartholomew Christen-
sen and Elda Jane Hill:-

(A) Elda Lucille Christensen born 1 Sep. 1931 in
_ Fayette, Sanpete, Utah; md. 8 Sep. 1950 in the
Manti Temple, Ronald Waldo Robins (b. 2 July
1929, Scipio, Utah to Waldo George and Mary
Elda Anderson Robins). Children:
I, Nancy Lucille Robins b, 2 Jan. 1953, Colo-
rado Springs, Colo.
Il, Sally Jo Ann Robins b. 7 July 1954,
Fillmore, Ut.
III, Lynn Ronald Robins b. 28 Mar, 1957,
Tremonton, Ut,
IV. Brian Don Robins b. 11 Oct. 1962,
Tremonton,

(B) Carla Jean Christensen born 15 Mar. 1933,
Fayette, Ut.

(C) Weldon Virgil Christensen born 8 Mar. 1936,
Fayette; md. 27 Dec, 1958 in Manti Temple,
Sharon Lenore Denison (b, 20 Apr. 1937, Manti,

- Ut. to John Melvin and Lenore Gottfredson
_ Denison), Children:
_I. Carrie Jane Christensen b, 17 Oct. 1959,
Ft. Dix, New Jersey
II, . Vickie Dawn Christensen b, 14 Jan. 1961,
« Gunnison, Ut.
III, Shauna Lee Christensen b. 25 Sep. 1965,
Murray, Ut.

(D) Connie Jane Christensen born 26 Jan. 1939,
Fayette, Ut; md. 30 Jan. 1959 in Fayette,
Charles Earl Nielson (b. 17 Aug. 1939 in
Ephraim, Ut. to Stanley Reed and Millie Edna
Munk Nielson). Children:

I, Eric Charles Nielson b, 9 July 1959,
. Gunnison, Ut.
II, Debra Kae Nielson b, 8 Oct. 1960, Gunnison,

(E) Roland J. Christensen born 26 Apr. 1947 in
Gunnison, Ut; md. 16 Mar. 1968 in Manti
Temple, Julia Ann Lowry (b. 20 June 1947,
<span id="page-??"></span>
829 Farrald DeLong

Gunnison, to Marlton J. and Georgia Mae Judd

Lowry), Child:

I, Matthew Troy Christensen b, 10 Dec, 1968
in Salt Lake City, Utah.

(37) Farrald DeLong Christensen (1) was
born 3 Sep. 1909 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah.
Farrald, always modest, writes a little of him-
self and family:- ''I was the last of the family born
in Gunnison, I am told; the folks moved to Salt
Lake City when I was about nine months oid,"'

He was but a month past his eighth birthday
when his father met with his death. Again he
writes, ''Because mother was alone to raise the
family for many years, we had something of a
struggle to get along. Roy was working in McGill,
Nevada, and for a long time we had no support
except what he sent to Mother each month, I
managed to get through school, working as I could
during the summers. I graduated from the old
LDS College (High School) in 1928, then had a
couple of sessions at the LDS Business College
after that.

"After jobbing around for several years I
went to work for my present employer, the Utah
Dept. of Employment Security. Iwas also busy
as a young man in priesthood activities and was
in the YMMIA presidency of the Ward for a couple
of years, We kept the old family home in Salt
Lake until after Mother died.

"On 17 Oct. 1943 Imarried Beulah Eliza
Nielsen (b. 4 June 1914 in Axtell, Utah to Carl
Erastus and Jane Ann Metcalf Nielsen) and we
moved into the Stratford Ward in Salt Lake City.
Here we lived for twelve years before moving to
our present home in Bountiful, Utah, During
those twelve years Beulah was active in the Pri-
mary Association and I again worked in the YMMIA
as one of the presidency, Scout Master and the
like, Our church service continued after we moved
to Bountiful and again I had various jobs with the
Scouts, Explorers, etc., while Beulah, after the
children got a little older, worked in the MIA Bee-
hive program for several years. She then went
<span id="page-??"></span>
Farrald DeLong 830

into the Stake as YWMIA secretary, which position
she still holds,"

Farrald served in World War II in the Navy.
He was ona destroyer escort in the Pacific much
of the time. He left his wife and children in Salt
Lake City, going in Mar. 1944 and returning twenty
months later, in November 1946. He was with the
U. S, Naval forces which were poised for a gigantic
invasion of Japan, when the war ended. This was
entirely voluntary service as far as Farrald was
concerned, since he was not required to go except
by the dictates of his own conscience and his deep
sense of patriotism.

He continues his report: ''We have four child-
ren, all boys: Carl, Beulah's son by a previous
marriage whom I adopted, Leon, Lavon and Gerald
Ray. When we finally went to the temple (29 Jan,
1964) all four of the boys went along and were sealed
to us,

"Carl was called on a mission for the church
shortly after graduating from Davis High School,
He was called to serve in Argentina but was sent
at once to Chile where he served in what became
the Chilean and then the Andes Mission, Leon
graduated from Bountiful High School and attended
the University of Utah for two years before accept-
ing a mission call to Denmark, After returning
home he went back to the University and graduated,
Lavon also graduated from Bountiful High School
and attended the University of Utah for two years,
He then entered military service and served in
Viet Nam with the 4th Infantry. He is now safely
home and back at the University. Gerald also
finished High School at Bountiful and started
college at the U of U. After the first quarter he
received a call to the Northern Mexican Mission.
He too is home again and back in school at the
University.

"T myself am now secretary for the High
Priests group in our Ward in Bountiful so am not
entirely at my ease,'' Farrald, upon questioning,
admitted he had other hobbies besides his family
and the church, mostly ''do-it-yourself'' projects.
We would like to add that he has a great spirit of
<span id="page-??"></span>
831 Farrald DeLong

family loyalty which extends far beyond his own
immediate family. His two sisters, Pearl and
Ivy, live in Salt Lake and he visits them often.

He also visits his brothers, Elmer and Roy, who
are out of State on occasions and keeps in touch
by phoning them once a month, failing to have suc-
cess with answers to his letters. Farrald is per-
haps the most regular attender of all the members
of the Christensen family at funerals of Aunts,
Uncles, cousins and other relatives on all sides.
He and Beulah can almost always be found among
the mourners in attendance, Though Cousin Byron
may run him a close second in this, Farrald is
mo st faithful in paying his respects to our dead
and their bereaved families,

Farrald is a tall man and resembles his
father more and more to an almost startling degree
as the years go by. Though he knew his father for
so short a time yet many of his mannerisms are
like his, although he is much more quiet in nature,
Beulah makes him a fine companion and together
they are forging ahead towards the goals they have
so wisely set for themselves,

Descendants of Farrald DeLong Christensen
and Beulah Eliza Nielsen; -

(A) Carl Walter Christensen (adopted by Farrald)
born 27 Mar. 1937 in Murray, Utah; md. 19
May 1961 in Salt Lake Temple, Jolynn Van Ry
(b. 1 Sep, 1938 in Salt Lake City to Otto and
Margaret Lake Lawson Van Ry). Child:- _

I. Carl Curtis Christensen b, 25 June 1962,
Bountiful, Utah,

(B) Leon Farrald Christensen born 17. July 1942
‘in Murray, Utah; md. 12 Aug. 1969 in Salt Lake
(Temple) to Marianna Starr McClellan (b. 28...
May 1944 in Baltimore, Maryland to Cyril Elvin
and Betty Marie Starr McClellan),

(C) Lavon Christian Christensen born 2 Dec. 1943
in Murray, Utah.

(D) Gerald Ray Christensen born 11 Dec, 1946 in
Murray, Utah.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Dale Carmen 832

(38) Dale Carmen Christensen (7) was born
7 Oct. 1909 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, in the
rock house that once belonged to his Christensen
grandparents and which still stands today (1969),

Dale left Gunnison with his family when he
was five months past six years old, having attended
school one winter there.

He was married 16 Oct, 1929 in the Salt Lake
Temple to Ruby De St Jeor (b, 4 Oct. 1908 in Ly-
man, Wyoming to William and Elizabeth Burnett
De St Jeor.) At present she is living in Nampa,
Idaho and writes of him:- 'Dale came to Wyoming
as a child. He attended schools at Lyman, Evan-
ston and Cheyenne. We met at a high school dance
at Lyman, After our marriage we lived at Lyman
for several years,

"Though his main hobby seemed to be reading,
Dale always loved to work around machinery,
trucks and heavy equipment. He started following
construction work which took us to Oregon, Nevada
and Idaho. (Dale, assisted by Ruby, owned and
managed a large trucking concern in what was
known as ''The Dalles" Oregon for some time; also
a service station), His last year was spent at
Nampa, Idaho. He became an invalid here after
suffering a heart attack and stroke. Dale had
always had such perfect health prior to this."

On 22 Sep. 1947 Dale and Ruby adopted a
nine year old girl, Rosealyce (b. 3 May 1938 at
Green River, Wyoming) but the experiment turned
out to be a failure, Dale was a big, good looking
man with beautiful brown eyes, inherited from his
mother. He passed away in Nampa, Idaho, 10
Oct. 1958, three days after his fifty-first birthday.
He was buried 14 Oct, 1958 in Lyman, Wyoming.
He and Ruby have no descendants,

(39) Imelda Peterson (6) was born 13 Jan,
1910 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah in the house on
the ranch a mile east of town. She grew up in
Gunnison, attending school there and graduating
from High School. Her brother Byron says she
was the scholar of the family and was a fine speller,
<span id="page-??"></span>
833 Imelda Peterson

being able to 'spell down" anyone in her class
when spelling matches were held,

Imelda was going on eighteen when her
mother died. Her sister Ada soon married and
in early 1930 Byron left for his mission, She was
left to care for things at the home. She was always
active in the organizations of the church. Cousin
Vera Clark lived with her the winter of 1930/31
and went to school in Gunnison. She remembers
how good Imelda and Uncle Charles were to her.
They took her along to Delta on occasions to visit
Ada, and Imelda took her to MIA with her to visit
her class, for she taught the Beehive girls at that
time.

Imelda attended Snow College at Ephraim
and also BYU at Provo for one quarter. Then she
went with Cousin Gladys to Salt Lake to attend
Henager Business College for a short while, In
early spring of 1934 she was called to serve in the
Canadian Mission, She writes of this:- 'I was out
for twenty months, I left the Mission Home 21 Mar,
1934, The cities of Hamilton, St. Catherines and
Montreal were my assignments, Toronto was our
Mission Home in Canada and we traveled both by
land and by water to our missionary conventions
that were held there. We joined with many miss-.
ionaries at the Prophet Joseph Smith's birthplace
in Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont, in an out- .
standing missionary reunion, We were. about fifty
in number and were there for five wonderful days,
We traveled by bus from Montreal and. ferried
across Lake Champlain. The beauty of the country
still lingers inmy memory. Another inspiring,
missionary conference was held. on Mt, Patriarch,
It was called the South Royalton reunion. John
Bluth was our mission president at that time and
Elder Wallis, traveling Patriarch at the time,
officiated, "'

Imelda's sister Ada writes: ''At one time
Imelda's mission president was Woodrow Miller
of the Miller Honey Company, One of her com-
panions in the mission field was Chyio Thomas,
daughter of U. S, Senator Thomas from Utah. In
Dec, 1936 she was released from her mission and
she and Chyio were invited to the White House as
<span id="page-??"></span>
Imeida Peterson 834

guests of Senator Thomas, This was another high-
light in her life,"

Sometime after returning from her mission
Imelda went to California with a girl friend to :find
employment. She also took some nurses training’
while there, It was in California that she met her
future husband at a "jitney dance'! in Los Angeles,
She was married 11 Jan, 1941 in Las Vegas, Nevada,
to Albert Elvin Kissinger (b. 7 May 1887 in Castle-
ton, Illinois to Frank and Katherine Bali Kissinger).
He, however, often went by the name of Robert. He
was tall and handsome and a photographer by trade.
He was nearly thirteen years Imelda's senior and:
she was his fourth wife. They made their home in
Los Angeles. They had two children, a daughter
Karma and a son Chad, :

On Oct, 31, 1958 Imelda wrote of her family:-
"Our daughter Karma is going on seventeen. - a
senior in high school. She is interested in many
different lines of endeavor - art, music, hair
styling, fashions, She seems to think she would
like to be in the fashion field, She will have more
time after school is out this summer to follow
along this line.

"Our son Chad is nine and has been a Cub
Scout for a year now. He is having a good active
time, It has given his mother a full schedule too,
for Iam now a,'Den Mother' on top of all my other
responsibilities, Chad enjoys school very much,
is a great reader, has a good thinking head and
uses it and is advanced for his years, He is
always looking for something more active in school
and has been given special assignments by his
teachers, as he gets things done, At present he is
a 'safety' for playground activities. He is observant
and in love with life. I'm very grateful for these
two children and hope to do a good job by them,

"Their father is not a member of the church
and though born a Methodist, with religious ministers
in his father's family, is not seeking any religion
nor at all interested init, His own father was one
of thirteen children who mostly had large families,
so there are many by the name of Kissinger in the
country. My husband himself has had nine children,
three by his first marriage, two by the second, two
<span id="page-??"></span>
835 Imelda Peterson

by the third and now our two children, What do I
do about our genealogy?"

Though not too strong or not always in good
health, Imelda has worked a lot outside the home
from time to time, She sold Child Craft and World
Book for awhile and was also a saleslady for other
things. She has worked in hospitals and at private
nursing. Her husband passed away in December
1963 in Los Angeles after a long and painful illness,
He was nearing his seventy-sixth birthday, Since
then Imelda has done the best she could in providing
for her family.

Ada brings her sister's story up to date in
these words:- ''Imelda dear is busy in her way too,
Much sickness has been her unhappiness, Her
husband died of cancer and her daughter Karma
developed brittle diabetes at the age of twenty and
has been in and out of the hospital. She is so
gifted in art, music and creative ability - it seems
a shame to have her thus handicapped. Her son
Chad is a fine chap and now works for Standard
Oil. Today Imelda is a registered practical
nurse and employed by Eddie Albert, the TV and
motion picture star, to care for his aged father.
She is active in Relief Society and Sunday School."

Children of Imelda Peterson and Albert
Elvin Kissinger:

(A) Karma Kissinger born 15 Feb. 1942 in
Delta, Utah. .

(B) Chadwell Elvin Kissinger born 11 Oct, 1949
in Los Angeles, Calif.

(40) Edith Bartholomew (5), according to the
record of her found in her mother's Book of
Remembrance, was born 10 Feb, 1910 in the red
brick home in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, the first
of her children to be born there. From this record
we also learn that she was named and blessed by
her uncle, Bishop Joseph Christensen, in Gunnison;
baptized 2 Feb, 1919 in the Ogden Fourth Ward by
Bishop L. Willard Gardner and confirmed the same
day and place by Elder E, A, Olsen.

We follow her as she moved with her family
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Bartholomew 836

from Gunnison to Wyoming to Ogden and finally to
Goshen, Utah. Here she was set apart at age

twelve and a half, 6 Sep, 1922, as Sunday School
organist, by Robert Finch, also set apart 1 Jan.
1923 as Primary organist, as well as serving as

a teacher in the same organization. She finished
tenth grade while living in Goshen, having previously
attended school at Lyman, Wyoming, and Ogden,
Utah.

Edith then attended Payson High School from
which she graduated 18 May 1927. In the spring of
1931 her family moved into a new home in Payson
and here she continued her church service, becom-
ing organist of Payson Fourth Ward Sunday School
as well as Ward organist, Later she became
chorister of Nebo Stake Primary.

Edith attended Brigham Young University
and graduated there with a Bachelor of Arts degree,
4 June 1930. That fall she began teaching at Payson
Junior High School and taught there four consecutive
winters,. In the meantime she started keeping com-
pany with a young man named Heber C. Bauer, The
summer of 1933 she went with him and Dr. & Mrs,
Norman Osborn to attend the Century of Progress
Exposition in Chicago,. Illinois,

She was married 22 June 1934 in the Salt Lake
Temple to this same Heber Carl Bauer (b. 9 Aug.
1901 in Idaho Falls (Coltman) Idaho to Eberharbt
George and Katherine Christina Hauber Bauer), A
reception was held in their honor that same evening
in her parents' home in Payson. After a honeymoon
in Yellowstone National Park they made their first
home at 544 East Ist North in Payson, It was in
Payson also that their two children, Helen and
Boyd, were born, Dr. Merrill L, Oldroyd being
in attendance at both births,

In May of 1940 the Bauer family moved to
Glendale, Calif. and in October 1941 they moved
to North Hollywood, They returned to Utah ona
visit the early fall of 1943, Heber returned soon
to California to look over a new employment oppor-
tunity but was stricken with polio and was rushed
to a Los Angeles hospital. Edith was summoned
and left the children with her parents in Payson,
<span id="page-??"></span>
837 Edith Bartholomew

to be at his bedside, But Heber passed away
shortly afterwards, 26 Sep, 1943 and his body was
returned to Payson for burial, 1 Oct. 1943,

Following this sad experience Edith returned
to their home in California where her brother
Clifton's wife, Rhea, stayed with her until she
sold the home. She and the two children moved
back to her parents' home in Payson in Feb, 1944,
She entered BYU again the spring quarter of that
year, expecting to renew her teaching certificate
but was encouraged to remain and work towards
obtaining a Master's Degree. She was employed
there as an instructor the winter of 1945/46 and in
June 1946 received her Master's Degree, In Sep,
1947 she went to Berkeley, California, for graduate
study towards her Doctor's Degree which she
finally obtained in 1956. Her professional work in
education has continued at BYU to the present and
_she is considered '"'tops" in her field.

At present Edith is also a member of the
National Education Foundation of the American
Association of University Women (A.A. U.W.).
She was nominated by the Utah Division of that
board for this honored position, at which time
they presented her extensive Vita, along with the
following recommendation: ''We feel that Dr.
Edith B. Bauer's experience as Professor of
Educational Psychology at Brigham Young Univer-
sity, her excellent professional training, her
administrative experience at BYU and in Tehran
under USOM, contract #115 and her service on
the Association's International Fellowship Award
committee 1962-68, eminently qualify her for the
position,

"Dr. Bauer has held many offices in the
Provo branch and was president 1961-62. She
has served on the Utah Division Board as Imple-
mentation chairman in Revolution in Modern China.
She understands the needs and goals of A, A. U.W.
and is proud of the Education Foundation, She
would like to see it expand its research facilities.

"We are recommending her not only because
of her professional qualifications but also because
of her gracious personality, her devoted service
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Bartholomew 838

to educational projects in her community and her
long years of administrative service and teaching
in religious education in the Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-day Saints, We solicit your interest and
support of her, and commend to you her compre -
hensive Vita. Utah members of the A, A. U. W.
think Dr, Edith B,. Bauer would be an asset to the
Educational Foundation, "'

Vita + Dr, Edith B. Bauer
I. Vital Statistics
A. Name: Dr, Edith B. Bauer (Mrs. H. C.)
B. Address: 944 East 700 North, Provo, Utah
C, Family: Widowed 7
Children - Mrs, David A, | Kimball (Helen
Carol)
Boyd H. Bauer.

Ii. Education ;
A. Degrees: AB, Brigham Young University,
Provo, Utah
MA, Brigham Young University,
Provo, Utah
PhD, University of California,
Berkeley
Major: Educational Psychology
B, Honors: Phi Lamba Theta
High School honors include cash
award for research report
entitled My Hometown, and
academic recognition as out-
standing scholar of the year,

Ill, Professional Contributions
A. Instruction: |
I, Utah Public Schools, Nebo School District
2. University of California Extension:
_ Reading and Study Skills Improvement
3, Brigham Young University: Instructor,
Assistant Professor, Professor of
Educational Psychology
4, Treachers College, University of Iran,
Tehran, Iran
B. Administrative:
1, Director of Guidance Service, BY High
School, Provo
2, Advisor on Women's s Affairs, BYU, Provo
<span id="page-??"></span>
839 Edith Bartholomew

3, Coordinator Secondary Education, BYU

4, Advisor, Teachers College - USOM,
contract #115, Tehran, Iran

5. Coordinator, Educational Psychology
program and Remedial Reading pro-
gram, BYU

Research:

1, Masters thesis and Doctorial Disserta-
tion, problems related to reading and
learning disabilities. Currently engaged
in research related to the use of recently
developed diagnostic test as the Frostig
and [Illinois Test of Linguistic Ability,
the development of materials for the
remediation of specific difficulties and
the multidisciplinary approach to
learning disabilities.

2, While in Iran conducted research related
to the changing role of women in Iran.

A,A.U.W., Experience:

1. Member during 15 years

2. Association - member of A.A. U.W.
International Fellowship Award com-
mittee since 1962

3, Division - Implementation chairman,
Revolution in Modern China, 1964-1966
Various committee assignments, 1960
to present

4, Branch - President 1961-62, Provo, Utah
Has held every elected office except
secretary, treasurer and assistant
treasurer during her years of member-
ship.

Publications:

1, Meade, John B. md Edith B. Bauer,
"The Predictions of Student Success in
Continuous Progress Programs", to be
published in Journal of Educational
Research, 1967

2. Merrill, M. David, Hugh Baird and
Edith Bauer, Teacher Education 1984,
BYU Press, Provo, Utah 1966, (Also
to be published in Phil Delta Kappan 1967)

3, Bauer, Edith B., The Interrelatedness
of Personality Factors and Reading
Disabilities, University of California
Press, Berkeley, Calif, 1956
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Bartholomew 840

4, Bauer, Edith B,, Your Role in Creative
Change (To the Women of Iran) A com-
pilation of three essays. Translated
into Farsi by Mahin Khalili, Press,
Tehran, Iran,

5. Bauer, Edith B., and others, Fashion
With a Flair, BYU Women's Committee,
BYU University Press, 1954

6. Bauer, Edith B,, and others, Under-
standing Our Youth; Some Do's for —
Teachers, Education Service Bulletin,
BYU Press 1951

7. Numerous articles published in The
Instructor, a series of 6 articles on
lesson planning and teaching, Nov. '51 -
Apr. '52,

F, Twenty years of Educational Service.

IV. Community and Civic contributions
A. International: Volunteer work at the Iran-
American Society, Tehran, Iran; Foreign
Student Programs: Discussion leader for
materials prepared by State Department.

B. State: Professional related work (volunteer)
UE A, professional standards and
committee assignments, and leader-
ship workshops, State Board of
Education, Text Book Committee,
certification programs, Consultant
for Remedial Reading programs.

Local; Board member for Utah Valley
Reading Council; Committee for the
development of the educational center;
Women's Legislative Council; Repub-
lican Committee woman; Mental
Health Board; Lecturing

V. Religious Activities (Church of Jesus Christ of

Latter-day Saints)

A. Church-wide level: Member of Sunday
School General Board, and did work on
special assignment for the Church Corre-
lation committee

B. Stake and Ward level: Have held adminis-
trative and teaching positions in both
the Stake and Ward level in the YWMIA,
Sunday School and Primary
<span id="page-??"></span>
841 Edith Bartholomew

During early years, 10-20 years of age,
most of my positions were music related -
organist or chorister; since that time,
teaching and/or administrative.

Soon after Edith returned from her experience
of teaching in Iran, she was called to serve on the
General Board of the Sunday School, Shortly after-
wards an article appeared in The Instructor, official
magazine of the Sunday School, written by Lowell R.
Jackson and entitled ''Meet Your New Board Mem-
bers'' (abt. Nov, 1960), Edith was among those
written up in this article, parts of which we quote
here:- ''Chatting with Dr, Edith B, Bauer is a real
treat. One is immediately aware of her enthusiasm
for living, She readily admits she is an optimist,
but not the overactive bubbling kind who thrive on
froth and the pleasure ofthe moment, In fact she
says, ‘Life has many discouraging moments, but
it would be meaningless if there weren't some prob-
lems to face and solve’.

"For those who may not have enough problems
to solve - who yearn for a life of excitement and
adventure - Dr, Bauer recommends a foreign
mission, She returned only a short while ago from
Tehran, Iran where she served two years as an
advisor to the education program at the University
of Tehran. 'When I made my final decision to go
to Iran and began packing', she recalls, 'I became
very apprehensive, This feeling grew worse as
we stopped for an emergency fueling at Gander,
Newfoundland - there was a heavy storm over the
Atlantic. And by the time I got to Istanbul (Con-
stantinople) this feeling reached a new high.
Imagine, late inthe evening, being surrounded by
strange dialects, sights and smells, I felt so
helpless to it all - as though I were at the end of
the earth. Then, to top it all, someone said
Tehran was even more remote, '

"But Sister Bauer found a friendly group of
people at the airport in Tehran to welcome her (a
custom there); there was an LDS branch in the city;
comfortable accomodations were found for herself,
her son and Dr. Reichert, the other woman tech-
nician from Utah; the climate and mountain terrain
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edith Bartholomew 842

“bore close similarity to those in Utah; and the
Persian Gardens were beyond her expectations in
their exotic beauty. Needless to say, Dr, Bauer
also found many problems and challenges during
her eventful stay in Iran. But then, she had

*“encountered many of these in her earlier life, One
of them was adjusting to new places, .

"Her most crushing and challenging problem

- owas that of adjusting to the sudden death of her

' husband, Heber Carl Bauer, inthe fall of 1943.
For atime, little other than the need to care for
her two young children seemed important. How-
ever, from these experiences has developed an
increased appreciation for her parents, her
children and friends, and a greater faith in God,

"Edith has served the church in various cap-
acities since her first assignment of being Sunday
School organist at age 12. She has had teaching |

- experiences. in all the auxiliary organizations of
the church. She has been Primary president and
Stake Board member, Ward YWMIA president and
Stake Board member, Ward chorister and organist,
Coordinator for the Junior Sunday School and
teacher-trainer director,"

At this present writing Edith is living alone.

Her children, Helen (Kimball) a graduate of BYU
and a registered nurse lives in California, and
her son, Boyd, a specialist in Asian affairs and
a candidate for a PhD at American University,
Washington D. C,, lives in Illinois, Another
special honor has just come to Edith, for the Utah
Division of the American Association of University
Women presented its 'Distinguished Woman, 1969,"'
award to her at a banquet 19 Apr. 1969 in Salt Lake
City.

_ Descendants of Edith Bartholomew and Heber
Carl Bauer:-

(A) Helen Carol Bauer born 12 Jan, 1936 in Payson,
Utah; md. 9 Aug. 1957 in the Salt Lake Temple,
David Ashby Kimball (b. 1 Jan, 1935 in Murray,

_ Utah to Edwin Roberts and Althea Ashby Kimball),
Children, all but the first born in Salt Lake City,
Utah::

I, Helen Kaye Kimball b. 31 May 1958 in Provo, Ut.
<span id="page-??"></span>
843 Luther Bartholomew

Il. Joyce Kimball b. 18 Mar. 1960; d. 7 Nov.
1960 in Salt Lake City; bur, Payson, Utah

Ill. Douglas Scott Kimball (adopted) b. 22 Feb,
1964

IV. Jeffrey Dean Kimball (adopted) b. 4 July 1966.

(B) Heber Boyd Bauer born 1 Apr, 1939 in Payson,
: Utah; md. 13 Aug. 1966 in Oakland, California
Temple, Alice Elizabeth Eliason (b. 5 May 1944,
Fresno, Calif. to Afton Yeates and Jane Rea
Myers Eliason) Child:
I. Elizabeth Alice Bauer b. 5 Oct. 1968,
Alton, Illinois.

(41) Luther Bartholomew Christensen (2).
His sister Edith writes; 'When our youngest
brother Luther arrived he was a beauty! But
' when a few weeks old he contracted pneumonia.
Mother doctored him first with what she knew but
began to despair of his life. They called the doctor.
He reduced the living room heat, opened the windows
wide and ordered the infant to be wrapped in cloths
wrung from ice water. Mother proceeded with
panic inher heart, Ice water! But it worked! The
fever dropped, the congestion vanished, the baby
ate again and it was over - like a miracle!"

Luther writes of his own life:- 'It was a cold,
grey spring morning on 20 May 1911, in the little
university town of Leipzig, Germany, when the ©
doctor walked down the two flights of stairs to file
my birth certificate, Soon afterwards my father
was asked to leave the school, for 'infractions',

a little rule against students preaching religion.
They didn't even give him time to organize a pro-
test march or sit down strike. I am told that
Father left first and that the family followed .
shortly, and Iwas carried, wheeled, shipped,
railroaded and autoed from place to place.

"Father was finally sent to Rexburg, Idaho
to convert the school there froma high school to
college standard, Ihad then reached the age of ©
five and my first recollection is of lying on my
belly on a foot bridge over an irrigation canal,
dangling a pinned worm in front of a fat lazy trout
that was holding himself motionless in the clear
<span id="page-??"></span>
Luther Bartholomew 844

cold water flowing past his brilliant sides, I don't
remember if he took that worm, but Ido remember
hundreds since that did.

"It was here on Jan. 29, 1961 Iwas given a
patriarchal blessing in which I was promised I
should never have any broken bones, My family
tell the story of my brothers, Wendell and Sheldon,
wanting to prove this theory. When Mother had
them taking care of me one day, they instigated a
game where one of them tossed me from the hayloft
in the barn to the other who was standing in a wagon
that was half full of hay. Somehow I managed to
slip between the hayloft and the wagon and landed
on the ground, Iwas plenty bruised but no bones
broken, This should have given both of them a very
good testimony.

"From Rexburg we moved to LaVerkin, Utah.
Here I made mud pies, got my Sunday shirts
covered with black cherry juice, caught ground
squirrels, and generally kept my parents busy. I
remember the pool being built at the hot sulphur
springs that were so prevalent there, the sargum
cane which was being made into sargum, the bantum
chickens which were fed from seeds of the sargum
cane, watercress growing in the cold water spring
that flowed into the Virgin River, and the fresh
milk being placed in the cooler for the cream to
rise and be skimmed off and made into butter. I
remember that the older kids trapped possums,
coyotes, bob cats, raccoons, etc., and I remember
the horse Father bought Mother, which later con-
tracted lockjaw and had to be shot and dragged by
a team of horses to the rim of the gorge and pushed
over, a procedure used to dispose of dead animals,

"We moved from LaVerkin to Hinckley, Utah,
and lived ona farm. Itrapped quimps and kept
their heads, as a bounty was being paid for these,
I pretended these were all sorts of fur-bearing
animals - Iwas a big trapper! It was here I
started first grade. I remember there was a
little girl sitting in front of me with long hair,
One day I stuck a wad of gum init. When she
fussed, I quickly explained how she could pull out
one hair at a time where the gum was and it
wouldn't hurt, by demonstrating on my own hair,
<span id="page-??"></span>
845 Luther Bartholomew

The result was a round bald spot on my head which
was quite difficult to explain to Mother that night
when I got home. I remember going with Wendell
and Sheldon spearing carp from sloughs and the
canal in front of our house, This was the year of
the big influenza epidemic - many people died, We
were all required to put on masks when we went.
out of doors to keep from getting the germs.

Money was scarce and script was used. I remem-
ber Mother making and selling butter, Hers was
especially popular because she heaped up the
butter mold thus giving about a pound and a quarter
instead of the usual pound, One day I took some to
a store to sell, called 'Petty's', and when the clerk
asked me if I wanted money or script, I told him
script was alright. I will never forget how angry
mother was with me for taking 'Petty. Script when
I could have gotten money.

"Our next move was to Star Ranch, This
period seemed one of complete happiness for me.
There was a railroad that. ran through the ranch
and nearby was a section house in'which a small.
boy lived about my age who seemed to have the
same interests as I, We made slingshots and
played we were big hunters, We shot mourning
doves off their nests, hoot owls, caught marsh
frogs, fished in the reservoir for fish (mostly
carp) which most people considered were unedible
but which we roasted and ate everything. Later I
was given a twenty-two rifle and added ducks and
rabbits to my game bag. Iwas also given a pony
and the job of herding the cows, ©

'It was customary for the railroad to use the
strip of land that passed through our ranch as a
rest stop for sheep that were being shipped to
market. Inthe spring there were many lambs
which the owners considered nuisance value since
they had to be hand~fed, so they gave them to us
kids, _We considered them fine pets until’ we dis-
covered they had ringworm, and guess what? Our
farm hand had a cure for this, He burned cotton:
cloth on a cold axe blade which formed a sort of .
tar which was applied to the ringworm. I assume
this worked, since all went well until the lambs
were grown. But then Father considered them
<span id="page-??"></span>
Luther Bartholomew 846
good food and we were supposed to eat heartily,

‘Provo was our next move. Here I attended
three different schools in a period of two years,
and here again we had an epidemic of influenza.
Ihad it, as well as the rest of the family. As I
felt better, I made my first trip out to the chicken
coop to gather eggs - I was in bed a good week after,

"Here I remember making skis out of old
barrel staves, carrying them to the top of the
chicken coop roof and then skiing down. There
was quite a drop at the bottom but I got quite
expert at this, I:-remember also of taking my toy
sled into the canyon and cutting and bringing home
a Christmas tree,

"In the spring another boy and I gathered
watercress in the streams above Provo, We
washed, tied, and peddled it. At every opportunity
I'd go fishing from the bridge that crosses the
Provo River. My tackle consisted of a willow, |
some string, and a fishing hook. With these I was
able to catch trout, blue gills, suckers, chubs and
bullheads. |

'We moved to Salt Lake City and located on
Twenty-first South where the Jordan River made a
bend and crossed it,. We had two or three acres of
ground, The place was quite run down and we had
lots of work pruning, gardening, repairing the
barn, etc. I remember a big apple tree full of
redwing black birds who stopped to rest as they
migrated south for winter. Our place was located
near Redwood Road along which sheep were driven
from winter range to summer range in the moun-
tains, This spring, after the shearing of the
sheep, the weather became so wet and cold that a
good many ewes with lambs nearly froze to death.
We were able to buy six ewes for $1.00 each,
including nine lambs. We hauled them home in the
back of our old touring car, wrapped blankets
around them and got them warm and fed them.

Out of the whole bunch we only lost one ewe. We
kept them until fall and sold all of them for $140.00.

'We made us a nice garden, There were a
lot of old ‘rhubarb plants inthe garden which we
separated and transplanted. We had more than we
<span id="page-??"></span>
847 Luther Bartholomew

had a use for, so Il harvested it, did it up in one
pound and two pound bunches and peddled it. While
working in the garden one morning I saw my first
pheasant rooster standing in the plowed ground.

The sun was shining on his breast - he was beauti-
ful. At this time we also added a black cow to our
homestead, There were lots of fish in the river so
I fished a great deal. I don't believe I ever finished
school this year.

"We moved to a house on State Street just
back of the McKinley School, We had quite a bit
of ground and many big trees, mostly poplar which
we topped or cut down completely, so we had to
cut them up into firewood. We also had a big
garden but I managed to still find time to fish and
hunt around the Jordan River, Mill Creek, Decker's
Lake and an old slough on the church farm... That
summer Father, my brothers and I set out .in an
old Model T Ford and went as far as Idaho, Mon-
tana and Yellowstone Park looking for projects to.
work, For us boys it was a real pleasure trip. _

"The fall found us back in Salt Lake for
school. I began to trap muskrats and skunks. ‘I
would take the streetcar every night after school
to Draper, check my traps and skin any animals
I had caught, I could take my muskrat pelts on ©
the streetcar but they would not allow me to bring
the skunk pelts, so I would leave them and bring
them home on my back once a week - a walk of
about 17 miles. I remember sometimes getting
on the streetcar after skinning the skunks, I would
walk to the back of the car and almost simultan-.
eously the people would move to the front and open
the windows wide. I sold my pelts to the American
Hide and Fur Company. This I did in winter. In
the spring I worked in the fields for the Italian
truck gardeners, We planted carrots, onions and
celery and weeded the gardens. In summer we ©
harvested the vegetables and put them into pits.

In fall we washed them and prepared them for
market. I made a total of fifteen cents when I
worked there after school and thirty-five cents
for a whole day on Saturdays.

"In the sixth grade I began to dislike school.
I was receiving poor grades in spelling, arithmetic
<span id="page-??"></span>
Luther Bartholomew 848

and reading. I remember being very angry ina
spelling test when I spelled 'donut' and the teacher
said it was wrong. I took her over to the window
and pointed out to her a sign spelling it this way
over a doughnut shop. During the latter part of my
seventh year at school my teacher and I seemed to
have a difference of opinion as to classroom con-
duct. Well, to straighten out the difficulty Iwas
to stay each night after school and copy ten pages
of an encyclopedia. I had no desire to become
afflicted with writer's cramp or to have increased
knowledge, so I made plans to escape the ordeal.
After the rest of the class had been excused for
the afternoon and the teacher had stepped from the
room, I crawled through the window and down the
fire escape and went home, That night I began
thinking. I was afraid to go back to school next
morning and I knew if I didn't go back my parents
would hear what Ihad done, If they did, I would
have worse than writer's cramp. Finally, I
decided to leave home. Ihitchhiked to Idaho Falls.
It took me two or three days to get there, I found
a job there working on a farm and worked until
summer (fishing time) and then I hitchhiked to
Yellowstone and Jackson Hole. I slept out and
enjoyed the out of doors for a month. While on
this spree, I met a sheepherder in Island Park,
west of Yellowstone, He told me the people he
worked for needed a camp tender, I applied at
Hamilton Brothers and they hired me, [had plenty
of opportunity to experiment with camp cooking,

I varied the mutton diet with trout, grouse, and
deer that I furnished.

"T worked for them until the sheep were taken
off summer range and then set off to Parker, Idaho,
and worked in the potato harvest that fall. Then
for awhile I trapped mink, muskrats, coyotes, and
did odd jobs for a farmer, who turned out to be a
Mormon Bishop and an old student of my father,
Through our conversation he found out who I was
and reported my whereabouts to my parents. At
Christmas time he and his brother took me home.

"Father made arrangements with the LDS
School to not hold me back to 7th grade but to let
me go onto Jr. High School, I took all the usual
<span id="page-??"></span>
849 Luther Bartholomew

things plus Seminary. I didn't do well in most of
my subjects but I liked Seminary because we
studied Exodus, which involved the Children of
Israel traveling through the wilderness living off
the land and eating manna and quail. I finished
that school year and then returned.to Idaho Falls
and worked on a farm all that summer and until
after school had started the next fall.

"I then returned to Salt Lake and started
school again, This time it was a South Jr. High
School, This winter I went back to trapping and
also did real well in school. I won first place in
a writing competition and had the opportunity to
read my paper at the as sembly for the whole
school, I also was in the operetta and was the
only baritone, as I was the only boy whose voice
-had changed, I needed a car for my work with
the traps, We had an old car in the garage in
need of repairs. I got it all fixed up but I lost
out to Wendell who had just returned from his
mission and took possession of the car to go
courting. aan ,

"That summer I chauffeured my Dad 1 to
California. We worked with mining claims in
San Gabriel Canyon, That fall we returned to
Salt Lake City and I to the South Jr. High. . The |
following spring I came back to California, Itold
Father I wanted to stay here and work for a sport-
ing goods place. We weren't successful in finding
this type of work, but I got a job at Glendale Small
Animal Hospital that summer and continued on for
the rest of the year, The following fall I worked
for the hospital in the mornings before I went to
Herbert Hoover High School, and fora supply |
company after school, On Saturdays I worked for
the Humane Society taking the dead animals down
to the rendering plant, At this time I bought a
little apple green Chevrolet roadster with a
rumble seat, I had a tin box which fit in the
rumble seat where I carried the dead dogs, The
first trip in my new car I had an accident, with
dead dogs flying every which way. People gathered
and were feeling so sorry for my poor little dogs
that had been killed; little did they know that the’
dogs had been dead for several days.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Luther Bartholomew 850

"This year I really took an interest in school,
I received straight A's and again I sang in the
school operetta. I went to school here for two
years but still lacked credit to graduate. Thad _
become interested in veterinary medicine and so I
applied to Washington State College for entrance.
They accepted me and said to come to the college
and I could make up the credit. I enrolled in the
Pullman High School and took part time work at
the College. I graduated from high school there.
I had met some boys at the Veterinary Hospital in
Glendale who were also attending Washington State
College in the school of Veterinary Medicine, so
five of us batched together. I did the cooking and
they did the housework, That summer I came back
to California and went to work for the Hollywood
Cat and Dog Hospital for Dr, Fosbinder, This was
the spring of 1932, a time of depression when wages
were low, I never made over $100.00 a month until
I graduated with my D.V.M. degree. My free time
was Wednesday and Friday nights and every other
Sunday. I enjoyed my work here. I drove the
ambulance and really learned the city well. I met
a lot of famous stars in this way.

"This fall I met my girl through my sister
who was here going to Art Center school, After
dating her for three months she left for San
Francisco, Once a month I went to visit her there,
I would drive all night Saturday after work, spend
Sunday with her, then drive all night Sunday night
to get back in time for work Monday morning. On
one telephone call to San Francisco, I had care-
fully looked up the rate (ninety cents for three
minutes), I just naturally assumed that the oper-
ator would tell me when the three minutes were up.
As time went by and she didn't tell me I thought
she had forgotten and that I was talking for free.

I was floored when she called back to verify my
$12.50 call,

"Nov. 17, 1934 my brother Wendell, who
was then a Mormon Bishop, married us at his
home in Los Angeles, He managed to misspell
her last name so-we really never knew whether
we were legally married until we went through
the Los Angeles Temple twenty-seven years and ©
<span id="page-??"></span>
851 Luther Bartholomew

six children later (15 Apr. 1961). (His wife is
the former Velda Ruth Johnson, born 4 Jan, 1912
in Duchesne, Utah to Oscar Emanuel and Sophia
Deseret Baldwin Johnson).

"T wanted to get back to college and get my
degree. Two years passed while Velda and I
worked together toward achieving this goal, She
managed a ten unit court in exchange for our
apartment and utilities. I kept on at the hospital.
In Feb. 1936 our first son, Steven, was born.
September of 1937 found us in Pullman, Washing-
ton with our hard earned savings. We hoped with
careful handling and my working all vacations that
this would see us through school, In Dec. 1937
our son Kent was born, and by the end of this school
year we had used over half of our savings. In the
light of this situation, Velda decided to go to work
the following fall. She applied for and got a posi-
tion as secretary of the National Youth Administra-
tion at the college. This she did until I graduated
in 1942 with my Doctor of Veterinary Medicine
degree. During the time while we were saving to
go back to school, the curriculum had changed
from a four to a five year course - I had to go the
five years,

"School was a tremendous satisfaction to me,
My record throughout the entire five years was
almost straight A. This made it possible for me
to get into the scholarship honorary, Phi Kappa
Phi, the Veterinary Medicine honorary Alpha Psi,
and the Biological honorary Phi Sigma.

"After graduation I returned to California
with my family, and the Hollywood Cat and Dag
Hospital - this time as a Doctor, I worked for
Dr, Fosbinder for $500, 00 a month for six months
and then went into partnership with him. In 1944
I bought the business from Dr, Fosbinder for
$10, 000 and leased the buildings and grounds from
him. The years that followed were very demand-
ing; I worked long hours, Sometimes I had an
assistant and sometimes I worked alone but we
usually found time for a two weeks vacation, ‘This
became somewhat of a custom: We met at my
sister Edythe's home in Mill Creek Canyon, Salt
Lake City, with all my brothers and sisters and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Luther Bartholomew 852

their families and proceeded in a caravan to
Sheridan, Montana, Yellowstone and the Glacier
Park area, Our children loved this association
with their cousins and it has been a means of
keeping our families close through the years,

"In 1943 our third son, Philip, was born and
in 1948 we were delighted when our first girl,
Kathleen, was born, She truly seemed like a little
princess to us after having three boys. This
happiness ended abruptly when she was taken
from us just three days before her third birthday.
As time went on we managed to pick up the pieces
and tried to establish a firm footing again, This
was helped by the birth of our fourth son, Paul, in
Jan, 1953. He was a bright, busy, interested little
boy and soon had our household humming again,

In 1958 we were blessed with another boy whom
we named Allen.

"Meanwhile, in 1950, I bought the hospital
outright for $46, 000,00. It took us ten years to
pay for it - this is the way Dr, Fosbinder wanted
it set up or I'm sure we could have managed it
sooner, lLIalso found a fascinating new hobby -
photography. Lots of new interests came into
our lives when in 1961 we went through the Temple,
taking all our sons with us. My mother and most
of my brothers and sisters went with us, We had
our daughter sealed to us also at that time.

"T retired in 1963 - sold my business and
leased the building and ground. We are able to
live from this income, Shortly after retiring I
joined the Sierra Club, Ihave always been
interested in conservation, I have taken many
wonderful trips with this club, including two to
Alaska, some in Mexico, and many back-pack
trips in the Sierras, Also, all through the years
I have maintained my interest in hunting and fish-
ing as well as my photography and have traveled
quite extensively. Ihave had wonderful luck with
my colored slides and have a vast library of them.
Ihave received quite a lot of recognition with them
from the Southern California Camera Club, Ihave
also shown them to many groups of people, It has
been a real source of pleasure to us as a family
in our entertaining.
<span id="page-??"></span>
853 Luther Bartholomew

"Our three oldest boys graduated from the
University of Southern California - Steven from
Medical School, Kent and Philip from Dental,
Paul is looking forward to being an Orthodontist,
while Allen is delightful, perverse and stubborn,
but looks more like me than any child we have
and is probably made up just like me. We love
them all dearly.

'We are still living in our same little house
in the San Fernando Valley. We appreciated the
comfort and peace we feel in our home. We have
quite a lot of freedom through the day while the
two younger boys are at school, and we take in
many interests, such as: Yachts in the harbor,
new model homes, sport shows, musicals, art
exhibits, etc. Velda and I find that we enjoy the
same things. We are interested in our church
activities and are hoping to buy us a new camper
a year from now and really see the world, I feel:
much as the quotation in Psalms: 'My cup-
runneth over'",

To bring this story up to date, they did buy
the new camper - and guess what? They sold out
in California and bought a new home in Provo,
Utah, moving the first of this year, 1969. They
are now busy furnishing their home, finishing the
basement and landscaping the grounds, Welcome
to Provo dear Cousins!

Descendants of Luther Bartholomew .Chris-
tensen and Velda Ruth Johnson:-

(A) Steven Luther Christensen born 11 Feb; 1936,
Los Angeles, Calif; md. 26 Nov, 1958 in Manti,
Utah (Temple) Kay Marie Robertson (b. 26 May
1937, Spanish Fork, Utah, to Herbert Alden
and Arthella Carter Robertson), Children:

I, Kathleen Marie Christensen b. 25 Oct, 1961,
Fresno, Calif, oe oe

Il, Debra Sue Christensen (twin) b. 5 Sep. 1964,
Fresno

Ill. Kimberly Ann Christensen (twin) b. 5 Sep.
1964, Fresno

IV. Diana Lynn Christensen b. 13 May 1968,
Atlas, Oklahoma.

(B) Oscar Kent Christensen born 27 Dec. 1937 in
<span id="page-??"></span>
Luther Bartholomew 854

Pullman, Washington; md, 18 Mar. 1966 in

Los Angeles, Calif. (Temple) Betty Lucile

Hanes (b. 18 Dec, 1940, Juneau, Alaska to

Luther William and Clara Jane Carpenter

Hanes), Child:

I, Karen Christensen b, 25 June 1967,
Thousand Oaks, Calif,

(C) Philip Dale Christensen born 19 Apr. 1943 in
Santa Monica, Calif; md. 5 Aug. 1967, Los
Angeles, Calif,, Sheila Elizabeth McMorris
(b. 5 Apr. 1945, Malden, Mass, to William
Michael and Grace O'Brian McMorris), Child:
I, William Justin Christensen b, 11 Oct, 1968,

Torrence, Calif. -

(D) Kathleen Juanita Christensen born 18 Apr,
1948 in Santa Monica, Calif, died 14 Apr. 1951
in Los Angeles, Calif; bur. Los Angeles,

(E) Paul Johnson Christensen born 16 Jan, 1953
in North Hollywood, Calif,

(F) Allen Johnson Christensen born 21 Aug. 1957
in Van Nuys, Calif.

(42) Henry Marvin Christensen (3) was born
in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah T Oct. I911 in the
family home in the southwest part of town, which
house is still standing (1969).

When he was about ten years old his family
moved to a farm on the "Rocky Point’ a mile or so
west of town, because of financial reverses, Here
his father fed livestock and Marvin was expected
to help where he could. He attended public school
in Gunnison, which was a good walk from the farm.
When he was going on fifteen his father passed away
(1926) and a little over a year later his mother, two
brothers, Virgil and Don and himself moved to
Fayette, Utah, about six miles north of Gunnison
to live with his mother's brother, Uncle Henry
Bartholomew, who was a widower with small sons
of his own, This move ended Marvin's formal
schooling,

Like his brothers, Marvin loved to hunt and
fish and many trips to mountains, meadows and
<span id="page-??"></span>
855 Henry Marvin

streams were enjoyed by them for these purposes,
The Christensen boys were welcomed by the young
people of the small village of Fayette and they had
lots of good times. Marvin began keeping company
with a local girl, Elva Eliza Olsen (born 23 Oct,
1912 in Fayette to Joseph and Dora Mellor Olsen),
The two were married in the Manti Temple 1 July
1931, when Elva was going on nineteen and Marvin
was not yet twenty.

The couple procured a farm west of Fayette
where Marvin farmed but they lived in Fayette,
And though Marvin was brought up as a farmer,
he had a liking and talent for building also, He
built the home they lived in - tore down an old
rock church storehouse and used that rock for the
walls, He and Elva had five children, two dying
soon after their births, But shortly after fourteen
years of marriage the couple were divorced, 17
Aug. 1945. The three surviving children, ages
thirteen to seven, went with Elva, who stayed in
the area, She also received the home and farm.
Later she remarried and moved to Salina, Utah.

Marvin left Fayette and moved north to the
area of Lehi, Utah, where he operated a’ church
farm for a few years. During these past years he
has had a truck service and done some building of
homes, etc. It is said he built the home in Lehi
where he and his second wife now live. He ©
remarried 26 Feb. 1946 in Elko, Nevada a young
divorcee, Mrs. Lois Marie Ferguson Winterton
(born 21 Apr. 1922 in Sandy, Utah to Stanley W.
and Dorothy Larson Ferguson), Lois had two
young sons, ages seven and almost five. Marvin
raised these boys until they married and left the
home, but he never adopted them, He and Lois
have four children of their own, three sons and
one daughter, 7 Gf

Marvin, like the other sons of Joseph and
Roxie Christensen, is a big fellow, He has gone
into building almost wholly now as an occupation -
houses, garages, fireplaces - and what have you.
The four children are still at home and all teenagers
together and all in school, Being father of nine
children and stepfather of two others, has kept him
busy over the years, There have been thorns and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Henry Marvin 856

thistles along the way but also plenty of sunshine
and roses. And though his formal schooling stopped
when he moved from Gunnison some forty-two years
ago, his education in the "University of Hard
Knocks" has continued and will continue to go on to
the end, as it will for us all. For life itselfis a
schooling and we are all pupils and, whether we

wish to admit it or not, we are all looking towards
our own day of graduation.

Descendants of Henry Marvin Christensen; --
By First Marriage

(A) Kevin J. Christensen born 18 July 1932 in
Fayette, Utah; md. to Jacqueline Idonna Emmett
(b. 23 May 1931 to William Moses and Katie
Maud Dodge Emmett), Children:

I. Kathleen Christensen b. 25 June 19 52,

St. George, Ut. ~

Il. Winona Christensen b, 27 July 1955,
San Bernardino, Calif,

Ill, Susan JoLene Christensen b, 1 Aug. 1957,
Fontana, Calif.

IV, Kelly J. Christensen b, 16 Dec, 1958,
Fontana, Calif,

(B) Winona Christensen born 10 Mar, 1934,
Fayette, Ut; died 27 Apr. 1934, Fayette

(C) Delis Irene Christensen born 10 June 1935,
Fayette, Ut; md. 17 Jan. 1959 in Berkeley,
Calif., William Todd Shebs (b. 3 Feb, 1930,
Chicago, Illinois to Simon Hirsch and Edna
Leona Todd Shebs), Children:

I, Stanley Todd Shebs b. 8 July 1960, Oakland
(or Pinole) Calif.
Il. Barry Jay Shebs b. 5 Apr. 1962, Oakland
for Pinole) Calif. .

(D) Claudia Irla Christensen born 4 Mar. 1937,
Fayette, Ut; md. 19 Nov. 1960 in Manti, Ut.
(Temple) Adrian Gordon Peterson (b. 11 July
1937 in Richfield, Ut. to Adrian D. and Melba
Gledhill Peterson), Children:

I. Lora Jean Peterson b, 4 Feb. 1962, Salt
. Lake City, Ut.
I, Cindy Sue Peterson b, 15 Feb, 1965,
Blythe, Calif.
<span id="page-??"></span>
857 Phillip Van Buren

III. John Karl Peterson b. 26 June 1967,
Blythe, Calif.:

(E) Blair J, Christensen born 14 Sep, 1941 in
Gunnison, Ut; died same day same place.

By Second Marriage:

(F) Randy Marvin Christensen born 13 July 1951
in Murray, Ut.

(G) Joe Dee Christensen born 14 June 1953, Murray

(H) Roxanne Lois Christensen born 7 Aug. 1954,
Murray

(I) Kelly Dean Christensen born 5 Dec. 1956,
American Fork, Utah | =

(43) Phillip Van Buren Christensen (4) was
born 23 Oct. I9IT in Manti, Sanpete, Utah. He
writes of his own life thus:-- "I was told that when
I was blessed (7 July 1912 by Joseph H. Carpenter)
Iwas given about all of the family names that were
left over on my mother's side of the family. ‘This
has been quite a name to carry and I wonder so
often if I have done it justice. I remember very
little of my early childhood although I remember
- generally my mother who died when I was nearing
age five.

"When she died I was very lone some. and
missed her greatly. I recall shortly after her.
death having beentold that she had. gone to Heaven.
We had a beautiful staircase in our,home in Manti
and I remember I climbed onto its,second landing
on a beautiful moonlight night and looked. out of the
small ornamental window to the east, there and .
knew that I could see my mother's face up there
by the moon, I also recall another time when I.
felt so alone without her that I somehow got outside
on acold, snowy night and trailed over to Aunt |
Claytie Riddle's in foot deep snow in my bare feet
and nightgown, looking for Mother.

"T always wanted a horse and though, as I
grew bigger, I usually had the use of one of.
Dad's - Prince, Duke, Queen, Pigeon, Nig,
Brownie, Stride-on, etc., yet Inever recall
<span id="page-??"></span>
Phillip Van Buren 858

owning one of my own until after.I was married and
purchased one myself - and this for my daughter.

I remember when my cousins Joe Neff, Ralph and
Warren Riddle and myself, and perhaps others,
took the long hikes down to the Sanpitch River to

go fishing. We would fish in the 'black hole' and
catch chubs.and occasionally a carp or sucker.

We were mighty proud fishermen, and.after the
warm day wore on we would go swimming in the
'ploack hole', It didn't seem to bother us that —
there were dead sheep and likely a dead cow in’
the river just above where we swam. Then came
the long | trek home. As we came_up from the river,
hot, tired and hungry, we would often talk about
how wonderful it would be, as we rounded the next
bend, if we would see a saddled horse for each of
us tied there and our names printed on the saddles.
What dreams we had - -even in daylight !

"T recall when Grandfather Snow used to. take
-me fishing, and day of all days would be when he»
would call up in the afternoon the day before such

an event and say, 'Kaiser' - that's what they called
me along about the latter part of World Warl, He'd
say, 'Kaiser,;, dig some worms and I'll be down to
get you at 6:00 o'clock in the morning'. Sure
enough, at 6:00 o'clock here would come Grandfather
driving the buggy and I usually had the worms, We
had the long bamboo fishing poles with linen lines
and cork bobbers then, Those days when we went
to the reservoir fishing were great times in my
‘life. I got to drive the horse and buggy a good deal
of the way. “We would usually spend a wonderful day
fishing. One time I left my pole for a moment, held
by a stick; apparently a large carp got hold of the
hook and pulled pole and all out into the water and

I was unable to get it back; I imagined that the
culprit was the biggest fish in the whole reservoir.

''When Grandfather got his Chevrolet automo-
bile it was a great day too, but I must confess that
Iwas a bit apprehensive of some of the rides I took
with him, He didn't learn to drive until he was in
his seventies and then he was a 'real driver’. If
he ever hit a bad place in the road he felt that the
best way was to speed up and get over it ina hurry.
One time coming down Manti Canyon he ran right
<span id="page-??"></span>
859 Phillip Van Buren

up on the side of a hill and I thought for-sure we
were going to be tipped over, He was wonderful
to us grandkids though. Many were the times that
he did with us the things so dear to youngsters! ca
hearts,

"Then came the day when I was about eight-
“and-a-half years old and Aunt Myrtle joined the
family. Iwas a rather sickly looking little fellow
and she certainly took me in hand. I have so much
to thank her for over the years. She has truly been
a second mother to me. How fortunate we all have
been to have had the inspiration, encouragement,
example, loving service and devotion of this: dear
woman in our lives, ry

"T remember trips out to the Gunnison Ranch
with Father and the times we gigged carp in the old
sloughs there, Then there were the days ‘Spent at
Flat Canyon, hoeing corn and herding sheep, I was
quite young but I did drive the team from Manti'to
Flat Canyon and back many times during: the last”
summer or two that we lived at Manti. One time,
the day before the Fourth of July, I was out there
with my older brother Hale. We wanted to be in”
Manti for the celebration next day. Toward after-
noon Hale said that we were going to Manti, We .
decided to ride up over the mountains and were —
thrilled with the prospects of the adventure.

About 2:00 o'clock next morning we got up, saddled
two horses and started over the mountains toward
Manti, We arrived at the old reservoir west of
there about daybreak and finally made our way
home for that wonderful Fourth of July.

"Another time Dad said he would take
Marshall, Sherman, Hale and me to Fish Lake if
I would get the team in with a load of hay from
Flat Canyon at a giventime. I had Dad's big black
team, Dan and Bess, and I recall how much they
liked to trot. I had a small jag of hay on the wagon
and I let the team trot most of the way from Flat
Canyon to Manti. I believe I made the whole thirty
miles in less than six hours, a record for a team
as far as ] was concerned. I used to haul loads of
potatoes and grain, besides hay from Flat Canyon
to Manti for Father, I remember earlier, when I
was about ten years old, I used to drive our cows
<span id="page-??"></span>
Phillip Van Buren 860

down to the lane west of Manti, herd them there
during the daytime and bring them back in the even-
ing. It seems that even as a young boy I always
had some responsibility, Father saw to it that I
learned to work,

"The greatest times were when Father took
us to the mountains, I recall once when he told me
that if I would get a load of potatoes in from the
Flat Canyon ranch that he would take me deer
hunting, Idid and we went up Manti Canyon and
camped over night and got up early next morning
before it was light, had our breakfast around the
campfire, then started out looking for deer, I
remember that we saw something white moving
through the timber and Father said though we
didn't see a deer on that trip we saw the tail of one.

"In August 1925 came the move from Manti
to Provo, and since the house Dad had arranged
for us there was not quite ready, we lived for a
few weeks with some of Aunt Myrtle's relatives.
Here I met Gilbert Tanner, who was two days
younger than I, and we became steadfast friends,
We used to kid each other a lot, saying I was the
'old man' and he was the 'youngster'. I made some
other wonderful friends the nine months we lived
in Provo. I particularly recall my association in
Troop 10 of the Scouts in Manavu Ward with Deb
Tregeagle as Scout Master. I always was sorry
that I didn't get to complete my scout work under
Deb. But then came the move to the farm at Orem.

"I had attended Manti High School my fresh-
man year and then attended Provo High as a sopho-
more, Iwas quite small in stature when I went up
to Orem High School with Father to get registered
as a Junior, Mrs, Cunningham was helping with
the registration and stated that she didn't teach the
freshmen anymore. It was with some indignation
that I told her Iwas a junior, She taught me English
that year and was a wonderful teacher, I finished
high school in 1928 and that fall started at the BYU.
I weighed slightly over 100 pounds at the time.

"I only went to college about six weeks that
first year and then quit and worked on the farm
there in Orem. The next year I attended BYU for
<span id="page-??"></span>
861 Phillip Van Buren

two quarters and again ran the farm. The third
year I went two quarters to the University of Utah
and then came back to work on the farm. By this
time my brother Sherman was married and he and
Lois kindly invited me to come back and stay with
them, so I took the bus to Washington D. C. I
took some training at the Boyd Business University
in shorthand and typing, worked at the Hot Shoppe
waiting on the curb and later as 'curb manager',
and then went to work out at the airport restaurant.
By June I was mighty homesick and since a friend
from Orem, Leo Poulsen, was just returning from
a mission to Sweden and had stopped in at Washing-
ton to say hello, I rode back to Provo with him and
some other fellows, .

"I started college again at BYU that next fall.
During the summer I worked on the place in Orem,
excepting for about a month when I went up to Tulsa,
Wyoming and worked in the hay for McGuinnes
Livestock Co,, running what they called a scatter-
rake, I spent three more late summers up there
working in the hay for that company, alternating
it with college and working on our Orem place,
After seven years I finally graduated from college,
June 1935,

"That fall I returned to Washington D. C.
We had Democratic representatives in the capitol
then and all of them seemed to know of my Repub+
lican background, It seemed next to impossible |
for me to get a job although I had located one that
was available and to my liking with the Resettle- —
ment Administration. I had to get a clearance -
from the Democratic party and our Utah representa-
tives were not about to give me one. I went into the
office of Senator O'Mahoney of Wyoming, and since
I had worked for a period of time in Wyoming I told
him of my position. The Senator referred me to
his secretary, Mr. Green. After hearing my prob-
lem this fine gentleman made a phone call to the
Resettlement Administration in my behalf and after
a long conversation I heard him say, ‘I don't give
a damn - give this young mana job!' Needless to
say, I received the job and worked in the travel
audit department.

"Starting the second semester, which began
<span id="page-??"></span>
Phillip Van Buren 862

in Feb. 1936, I went to law school at George Wash-
ington University, attending at nights from 7:00 |
o'clock to 9:30 and working days for the Resettle-
ment Administration, It was difficult for me to
study late at nights so I.used to get up at 4:00
o'clock each morning and do my’ studying when my
mind was clear. After school was out, the early
summer of 1937, Iwas sent down to. work at the
regional field office in Raleigh, North Carolina
‘for three months, Iwas able-to rent a lovely room
ina large southern home. But I returned to Wash-
ington D, C, for work and school that fall. It was
‘during that year that I attended, with a group from
Utah, a White House reception given by President
Roosevelt, A young lady, who worked in the office
of Congressman J. Will Robinson from Utah, whose
‘name Ihave forgotten, invited me to go. Although
I never had any high regard for President Roosevelt,
I'll never forget how impressed I was as he walked
by with his cane, supported by a member of his —
family, his chin out as the band played 'Hail to The
Chief', I was close enough to touch the President
and I was imptessed by the magnitude of the office
and the pomp and color that was at the White House
that night.

"Thad an opportunity to be transfered from
Washington to the regional office in San Francisco
and although my law school plans had to be changed,
I jumped at the chance, Iwas able to purchase a
1935 Ford four-door sedan automobile that had been
a taxi, for $200.00. As soon as school was out the
spring of 1938, I hauléd out a few passengers to
Utah and then drove on to San Francisco, Here I
arranged to take one of the examinations that I] was

not able to take at George Washington University
through the University of San Francisco and came
out.with an "A'', I went to night school at the Uni-
versity of San Francisco, then called St. Ignatious
College. After a year there my work for the govern-
ment was terminated and the mountains and canyons
in Utah again beckoned me,

‘At this time Father was interested in the
Red Hills Mining Co., the: Grand Deposit Mining
Co,, and other mining interests through one Paul
Lyon. I had often wondered why the apparent
<span id="page-??"></span>
863 Phillip Van Buren

tremendous amount of money Father invested was
not more productive. But anyway, I went to work
for the Grand Deposit Mining Co., which was
about. seventy miles northeast from Ely, Nevada,
It was quite an experience going down the shaft and
working in the mine, Ihad the usual trying exper-
iences of a 'green hand'. My main partner wasa
fellow who had had some trouble with the Juvenile
Court and was on probation and he didn't spare me,
During the summer Father came out to the mine on
different occasions and we talked about my contin-
uing on at law school. He told me that he would
help me but he wanted me to go full time. At the
end of, the summer I was paid partly in cash and —
partly in mining stock for my work; the. latter I.
sold at quite a disadvantage. ©

"While working in San Francisco I had pur-
chased a 1938 Oldsmobile. During my‘school that
winter at:the University of Utah: I was forced to
sell it and:'took in as part payment an:old Austin.
That summer of 1940 I drove it up to Wyoming to
work for the livestock company again and took my
younger brother: Cullen -and two'other fellows with
me.. Idon't recall how much money I was able to
save . from my summer's work but though it was
not a great deal it did help a little in ‘getting .
started back to school at the U of U that late fall.
I had pretty well concluded my law studies at‘the ©
U of U by Christmas of 1940, but had one or. two
other classes I] had to take. Father was still
helping me financially but I did what work I could,

"It was in the spring of 1940 that I met. Gwen:-
first at the home of Mrs, Pardoe when. interrupted
one of her private dramatic lessons and:another |
time in Keeleys on East Center Street, And then:

I saw her leading the Richfield Drum and Bugle »
Corps in some function at BYU. i recall her long
black hair, ready smile and her beauty... Thad -<
been with girls: before and had thought-I was in: >~
love but I knew this was. the real ‘thing. Thats: .:
summer I went down to see her’atsher: home in ©):
Richfield on one or two occasions, before going

to Wyoming. And of course after school started

I came down from Salt Lake. to. ‘Provo to see her
as often as possible, since she was again, attending
<span id="page-??"></span>
Phillip Van Buren 864

BYU. We became engaged just before Christmas.
I recall well that night. We were in an old Ply-
mouth coupe that I then had, in which I used some
sort of alcohol base as an anti-freeze. The night
was cold and we were driving over toward Spanish
Fork when the alcohol boiled out of the radiator
somewhat and there was a short in the wiring and
the car caught fire. This was quite something to
have happen on our engagement night.

"The Second World War was brewing in
Europe and conditions were mighty uncertain; and
although I was doing a little work after Christmas
in the law office with Dad and Sherman, I talked to
them and told them I was going to apply to the FBI
for a position as special agent. I will never forget
the long telegram I received just after the first of
that year 1941, offering the sum of $3, 200.00 a
year for this position in the FBI, limmediately
replied that I would take the job. Gwen and I dis-
cussed my leaving, and since she was finishing her
last year at college we didn't plan on being married
until it was over. In talking of my future office
assignments she stated that she didn't care where
we went if it were not a hot place like New Orleans,

"T arrived in Washington D, C, Mar. 3, 1941,
at the Justice Building. I recall the beautiful brief
case, the fine looking men, all strangers to me,
and my taking my place among them in the big,
beautiful room. Iwas thrilled as my name,
appearing alphabetically on the list between a
Carlson and a Dutwyler, was read out and I was

_ sworn in and received my brief case. A 38 revolver

was in it, along with volumes of rules, regulations
and instructions. My counselor was Jeptha Rogers,
a tall Texan, General instructions were given and
we were told to go out and buy some range clothing
and be back to leave for the Marine base at Quantico
by bus that evening. The training was rather short,
seven weeks, but thorough and concentrated and
consisted of firearms use, photography, jujitsu,
fingerprinting, etc.

"The day of greatest excitement came when
we received our office assignments, and guess
what? Iwas assigned to New Orleans. I called
Gwen about it as soon as I could and she relieved
<span id="page-??"></span>
865 Phillip Van Buren

my apprehensions by saying it didn't matter and
that would be wonderful, We decided we would be
married in June as soon as her school was out and
she could come to New Orleans, since I was not
allowed time off,"

Phillip was married 19 June 1941 in New
Orleans, Louisiana, to Gwen Johnson (b. 1 Sep.
1918 in Sigurd, Utah to Joseph B..and Mida
Dastrup Johnson), Gwen tells of riding down by
car to New Orleans with her future father-in-law
A. H. Christensen and her future sisters-in-law
Norma Christensen and Elaine C, Southwick, and
what a wonderful time the sixty-nine year old
gentleman showed his three companions, She
said she almost felt that she had her honeymoon
before her marriage instead of after. The wedding
itself was held in a large southern ancestral man-
sion owned by a member of the branch of the LDS
church there. A number of the branch members
took over full arrangements for the wedding and
open house which followed, complete with music,
flowers, wedding cake and all, which seemed to
be overseen by framed pictures of ancient ancestors
of the mansion's owners looking down from their
places of honor on the various walls, Norma and
Elaine stood with Gwen in the line and Father
Christensen and Phil's cousin, Marshall Neff,
stood up with him. The Branch president, |
Brother Evans, performed the ceremony which
was attended by the FBI special agents in the area
and their wives, together with a number of branch
members, Gwen, who was very near sighted, said
she left her glasses off for the occasion because
Phil didn't like her in them too much and so was
unable to get a good view of everyone or to identify
many of those in attendance afterwards, .

Phil continues with the history:- ''We took up
our residence in an apartment right next to cousin
Marshall and his wife Viola and they were so good
to us. Gwen, bless her heart, was alone a lot of
the time since Iwas away from home so much. It
was not until she obtained a job with the War
Department, working at the Port of Embarkation,
that some of that lonesomeness vanished.

'My work in New Orleans was fascinating.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Phillip Van Buren 866

When American became involved inthe war, Dec.
1941, we agents were asked to round up the enemy
aliens who had been located and kept catalogued
through painstaking investigations done previously.
I had been assigned the job of going over all the
books and records of the Orcombantanti, which
was the association of Italian world war veterans,
which were mostly made up of speeches and reports
quite inflammable against the United States, The
president of this group was one Phillippe Bellipanni
and the secretary was Guiseppe Verderaime, We
were ordered to pick these two men up and have
them interned. When we closed in on Bellipanni
his wife had just had a baby, their first, and he
cried and swore in no uncertain terms that we
could cut his head off if he were not loyal to
America, We found out that most of the Italians
were very loyal to America but the story was
different with some of the German aliens who
were there. They were usually stoical, bitter and
strong in their convictions as to the right and
power ofthe Third Reich.

"T remember chasing a German newspaper-
man, suspected of being a spy, down the wrong
way of a one way street as he attempted to get
away in his car. Irecall on 12 Dec. 1941 that
another agent and I were sent down to the mouth
of the Mississippi River where the Gulf Refining
Co, had provided a beautiful boat and a guide for
the FBI, Our guide was named Felix Barrious
who spoke the Cajun language. On this trip
Barrious took us through the bayous at the river's
mouth, looking for Japanese fishermen supposed
to be in the area who were suspected of providing
information and help to Japanese and Germans who
might be entering the country illegally by way of
the Mississippi. We picked up a German alien
who was alleged to have made some statements
against President Roosevelt. He had a large knife
in his possession when we captured him, but of
course denied any allegiance to Germany. How-
ever, he was interned and sent to a detention camp
somewhere in Texas,

'We were looking specifically for a Japanese
fisherman nicknamed 'Tampico' because he had
<span id="page-??"></span>
867 Phillip Van Buren

jumped ship at Tampico, Mexico and come to
America. He rana shrimp fishing outfit and his
boat was called the 'Tokyo'. It was difficult to
tell the Japanese from Philippinos. On a number
of boats we boarded to search, the occupants wore
large badges with 'l am Philippino' printed on them.
We finally located the Tokyo and asked for Tampico.
His men said he was supposed to come late in the
evening and pick up the day's catch of shrimp ina
truck with the name Tokyo printed on the side.
Four of us agents in two cars later staked out the
road leading to the fishing docks and sure enough,
about 10:00 p.m, the Tokyo truck came along. We
ran it off the road and found an American man |
driving 'Tampico's' truck. He stated that Tampico
was at his home in Algiers, just across the river
from New Orleans, and gave me his address, It
was midnight when we four agents arrived at
Tampico's but his lights were on. A peek in the
window revealed a Japanese-looking fellow stand-
ing in the middle of the kitchen floor beside his
packed suitcase. Two of us entered from the back
door and two from the front, and when we asked
Tampico where he was going he answered in
broken but understandable English that he knew he
was going to be picked up and possibly interned,
and since he didn't want people to think he was
trying to run away, he hired someone to run his
equipment, packed his bags, and was waiting
there at home to be picked up. Believe it or not -
we didn't - and interned him.

"There was a 'German Baron' and his very’
lovely wife that we picked up shortly afterwards
in Baton Rouge. He was supposed to be in America
'‘lassoing alligators', The last I heard of him he.
was head of the linen detail in an internment camp
in Texas. There were many other cases that kept
us on the go. :

"The summer of 1942 I was transfered to
Indianapolis, Indiana, and our first child, Bryce,
was born there the spring of 1943. Here, among
others, Linvestigated a very involved case in
which some officers of the Anaconda Wire and
Cable Co, were charged with fraud. They were
suspected of circumvention of tests of cable and
<span id="page-??"></span>
Phillip Van Buren 868

wire used by the armed services, Although the
case of war fraud was uncontrovertably established,
the company itself was given a 'clean bill of health',
The guilty officers pleaded guilty and were given
suspended sentences, but there was much bitterness
and criticism because they were not sent to jail. It
was while working on this case that I first became
acquainted with Tom Clark, Justice of the United
States Supreme Court, who was head of the war
fraud unit of the dept.

"We subsequently moved to Fort Wayne,
Indiana, where I became resident agent, which was
a wonderful job. We were there almost a year and
liked it, although our living accomodations left
much to be desired, Iwas involved in investiga-
tions of communist activities in the large plants
in the area: International Harvester, Farnsworth
Television, General Electric, etc. Iwas transfered
out of Fort Wayne upon very short notice because of
threats being made against my safety. We were
sent to Newark, New Jersey in 1944. My work
there made me begin to yearn for the west, When
Bryce became ill we requested a transfer, although
we had many fast friends there among the agents
and their wives.

"Requests for transfers were not always
honored and often resulted in the cancelling of the
next raise. Iwill never forget the wonderful letter
of transfer written by Director Hoover, who wrote
something like this:- 'It has come to my attention
that due to the illness of your young son you have
requested a transfer to a warmer climate, I have
this day issued orders that you be immediately
transferred to Los Angeles, California’, and then
he gave his best wishes. Not long after our arrival
in Los Angeles I received a raise, Hoover was a
wonderful director. He was very strict but very
fair, and in meritorious cases he certainly did the
best he could to heip his employees.

"We bought a lovely three-bedroom home in
Los Angeles near the intersection of Pico and
Overland, I was assigned mostly to bank robbery
investigations, I recall with some nostalgia the
cases involving the 'Paper Bag Bandit', the 'Pin
Stripe Bandit', and the long search for a man called
<span id="page-??"></span>
869 Phillip Van Buren

'Mad Dog Horan', one of the most wanted fugitives
on the list of the FBI. I recall a most interesting
bank robbery case involving the theft of something
over $100, 000.00 from two messengers from the
Hollywood State Bank taking money out to the Lock-
heed Aircraft Company. For a month Director
Hoover was in Los Angeles on this case, The
bandits were finally apprehended and most of the
money recovered, being dug up from a grave at

the Sawtelle Military Cemetery. This case was
written up in the July 1957 issue of Reader's Digest.

"T took and passed the California Bar examin-
ation, I resigned from the Bureau in October 1945
and returned to Utah to practice law with my father,
my brother Sherman, and subsequently my younger
brother Cullen, At that time our firm was known
as Christensen & Christensen. After Sherman was
appointed Federal District Judge in Utah and Father
retired, Joseph Novak, Fred R. Paulson and Thomas
S. Taylor joined the firm. Novak subsequently
withdrew from the firm and it is now known as
Christensen, Paulson & Taylor, having four part-
ners: Phillip V. Christensen, Cullen Y. Christen-
sen, Ford R, Paulson, and Thomas S. Taylor,
and an associate, Robert L. Moody.

"Three daughters have been born to us since
we returned to Provo - Betty, Ann, and Mary.
All of our children have been a great joy to Gwen
and me. We are proud of their accomplishments
and appreciative of the contribution each of them
make in his or her own way to the happiness and
success of our family. Perhaps it was inevitable
that because Bryce was an FBI baby, bornasa _.
Hosier in Indiana, that he would become a special
agent of the FBI. After serving a mission in
Denmark, graduating from BYU, and marrying,
he received his appointment, was sworn in, and
received his training at the Marine Base in Quan-
tico. He is now working as a special agent in the
area of Albany, New York and, among other things,
investigating bank robberies. Betty Lee is married
and at present lives in Butte, Montana, Her hus-
band is an airline's pilot. She has recently taken
up oil painting and has painted some beautiful pic-
tures. Ann won first place in piano competition
<span id="page-??"></span>
Phillip Van Buren 870

for beginners in the Utah State Fair in 1966;

placed second for Junior High age in the Baldwin
piano contest in 1966; won first place in the Baldwin
contest in 1968 in her age division and is now work-
ing on her own recital to be presented at BYU this
May of 1969. Mary Kathryn joins her sister Betty
in her love of horses, has her own horse and is
taking riding lessons, She also does wonderfully
well making things with her hands and is a great
reader. I wouldn't be surprised to see her excel

in literature somehow. She might even become a
writer,

"During the later years of my life, particu-
larly since our return to the Provo area, the
church has come to mean a great deal in my life.
Gwen and I went to the Salt Lake Temple and were
sealed for eternity, 20 May 1948, also having our
first two children sealed to us at that time. The
other two were born in the covenant. While we
lived in the River Grove Ward in Provo's West
Utah Stake, Iwas a member of the High Council
and served as Building Fund Chairman for the
building of the new Rivergrove Ward chapel. Upon
moving to Orem in 1952 I was sustained as Second
Counselor to Bishop Laurence W, Palmer of the
Orem Eleventh Ward and served for two years,

In 1957 I was made Bishop of the Orem Nineteenth
Ward and served in that capacity until our family
moved back to Provo in 1962, For over three years
now I have served as a member of the East Sharon
Stake High Council under President Ben E, Lewis.
Each day 1 live Iam more convinced that the only
way true happiness and joy can come is through
association in the church, through attempting to
live its principles, and mostly from gaining a true
testimony of the divinity of Christ and of his mess-
age to the world.

"Gwen has always had a staunch testimony of
the gospel and worked in the church organizations,
During our stay in the Provo Rivergrove Ward she
was Ward Relief Society President, being sustained
as such at age thirty. Shortly after we moved to
Orem in 1952 she was sustained as Sharon Stake
Relief Society President, She has taught many
classes in both Relief Society and Sunday School
<span id="page-??"></span>
871 Phillip Van Buren

and has always been an inspiration to those she
taught. At present she is serving as a Stake
Missionary in the East Sharon Stake, and together
with her companion, Sister Arlene Heaton, is do-
ing a wonderful job, Life has been very good to
both of us and to our children and we do appreciate
all of our blessings so very much,"

Descendants of Phillip Van Buren Christensen
and Gwen Johnson:-

(A) Phillip Bryce Christensen born 4 June 1943 in
Indianapolis, Indiana; md. 25 May 1967 in Los
Angeles, Calif. (Temple) Elizabeth Carr (b, 22
Sep. 1946 in Salt Lake City, Utah to James
Edward and Helen Farley Carr), Child:-

I. Rebecca Christensen b. 20 Jan, 1969,
Albany, New York.

(B) Betty Lee Christensen born 27 Dec. 1945 in
Provo, Utah; md, 1966 in Los Angeles, Calif.,
John Scott Briggs (b. 1 May 1945 in Rock Springs,
Wyoming to John William and Allowee Heiner
Briggs) Child:

I, Kimberly Michelle Briggs b. 30 Dec. 1966,
Provo, Utah

(C) Ann Patrice Christensen born 29 Nov. 1953,
Provo, Utah. : :

(D) Mary Kathryn Christensen born 21 Sep, 1956,
Provo, Utah, 7

(44) Mildred Christensen (8) born 18 Jan,
1912 in Coalville, Summit, Utah; died 19 Jan, 1912

in Coalville of prematurity; buried Coalville.

(45) Weldon ''D'' Christensen (7) ¢ the npn

just an initial like his father's, was born 7 Mar.
i912 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, Just. a few days
after Weldon turned four years old his family left
Gunnison by train and moved to a ranch some miles
east of Lyman, Wyoming, which was called ''The
Oasis'' by members of the family. They lived on
their homesteaded ranch in summers and in Lyman,
Wyoming, in winters for several years during which
time ''firebugs'' tried to burn them out and drive
<span id="page-??"></span>
Weldon D., 872

them from the ranch. These were critical times
for their family as well as others of their Christen-
sen relatives who had also taken out homestead
property on The Oasis,

Weldon attended school in Lyman and also in
Evanston and a short time in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
Like so many of the grandsons of Laurs and Else
K, Christensen he grew to be a big fellow, He
often helped his father on the ranch near Lyman,
Wyoming, and was the only one of the children of
Louis and Florence Christensen who chose to make
a permanent home in the area, He has had a num-
ber of unusual, impressive experiences in his life-
time, One was when the big boiler blew up on the
ranch and he and his father and others were mir-
aculously saved, Another was when his father died.
These two experiences have been related earlier in
this book in the history of his father.

Weldon has told us something of his later life
in these words:-- "I married a girl named Beth
Blackner (b. 26 Feb. 1916 in Lyman, Wyoming to
Frank and Mary Margaret Syme Blackner) 11 Apr.
1932, first in Evanston, Wyoming and then thirteen
years later, 28 Nov, 1945, in the Salt Lake Temple.
We have a beautiful daughter, Colleen, born four
years after our civil marriage and sealed to us at
the time of our sealing in the temple. She married
a man named Wallace Hart and they have three
children, They are all very wonderful.

"IT myself am 6 ft. tall, with brown hair and
brown eyes and weigh 225 lbs, My wife Beth is
5 ft, 4 inches tall, weighs 114 lbs. and has black
hair and brown eyes, We have enjoyed our mar-
riage together and have had a very deep love for
each other, our daughter Colleen and her children
and also for her husband who has been a model
husband and a good father.

‘We own our own home which we built our-
selves, which is the third house we have built here
in Lyman, Bethis a secretary to the superintendent
of the Lyman High School and has been for more
than fifteen years, Before that she was a clerk in
the Lyman Mercantile here for fifteen years, I
myself have been mostly in carpentry work but ran
<span id="page-??"></span>
873 Weldon D.

a school bus for years and raised chickens and
sold eggs on the side. I worked at Hill Field in
Utah for almost five years, first as a warehouse |
man and then as an aqua system man (aviation
gasoline with water pressure), Three others and
myself handied all the aviation gasoline on Hill

Air Force Base during the last world war, handling
hundreds of thousands of gallons of airplane gas
that serviced the planes and bombers that flew in
and out of the base.

"Twas inthe LDS Hospital for treatment some
time ago. The entrance to my heart and my left
lung aren't so good yet and I shake and am still
weak.'' A recent letter from Weldon's and Beth's
daughter, Colleen, contains the following:- 'We
live just forty miles from Mother and Dad and have
close contact with them, Our children really enjoy
them, Dad has retired, due to a heart condition;
however, Mother is still working at the school as
secretary for the District, which keeps her really
busy even though she has an ulcer," -

Descendants of Weldon np Christensen and
Beth Blackner:-- :

(A) Colleen Christensen born 26 Dec, 1936 in|
Lyman, Wyoming; md, 28 Mar, 1957 in Salt
Lake City, Utah, Herbert Wallace Hart (b. 27
May 1933 in Logan, Utah to Herbert Alexander
and Helen Covey Hart.) Children, all born in
Salt Lake City, Utah: a
I. Julia Hart b. 6 Mar. 1960 oe
Ii. Steven Wallace Hart b, 23 Apr. 1962.

Ill, Jon Scott Hart b. 6 Apr. 1964:

(46) Gorden Larsen Christensen (1) v was a
born 4 Apr, I[912 in Sait Lake City, Utah. -He was
just five-and-a-half years old when his father died,
His sister Ivy writes of him:- 'Gorden grew to be
a tall lad, six feet or more, with dark brown. hair.
He always seemed to me to be a little shy but was
a great tease, He enjoyed sports and was very |
good at basketball and football. He did a little.
boxing with his older brother Elmer. Everyone
joked about this because mother was always afraid
he would hurt Elmer, the older of the two by nearly
<span id="page-??"></span>
Gorden Larsen 874

thirteen years but some smaller in stature. Gorden's
favorite pastime seemed to be reading. He would

sit for hours reading book after book, He was a

very clean living boy and always attended to his
church duties,"

His brother Farrold says of him, "Gorden
had the normal love for life, people and sports,
He had graduated from the LDS High School in
Salt Lake City and was attending the LDS Business
College when he was stricken with appendicitis and
died soon after, 9 Jan. 1930, in Salt Lake ofa
ruptured appendix, He was buried in Salt Lake City.

(47) Ella May Bartholomew (5) who later
changed the spelling of her given name to Ellamae,
sent in a chronology of her early life:-- 'May 10th
1912 - born at Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah; Sep. Ist
l912 - Christened by Bishop James Rasmussen;
Mar. 27, 1916 - moved to a ranch near Lyman,
Wyoming; Sep. 1918 - moved to Ogden, Utah;
fall of 1919 - moved back to Lyman; Mar. 1920 -
moved to Goshen, Utah; 19 June 1920 - baptized
and confirmed a member of the LDS church by
Robert Finch; 1921 - sang first solo in church,

'I want to Kiss Mama Goodnight'; 1924 - began
piano lessons and took about six from Miss Flamm
and played my first piano selection in church,
called 'In the Poof of Tears'; 1924/25 - was presi-
dent of seventh grade; May 1924 = crowned 'Queen
of May' on May Day; Dec. 1925 - appointed Primary
teacher for first grade; 1926 - made Primary
organist; 1926/27 - was president of ninth grade,
gave welcome address for Commencement and
scored for Valedictorian; June 1927 - I picked
strawberries at Uncle Albert's on Provo Bench;
Oct, 1928 - picked apples for Scotts at Elberta;
Mar. 1929 - while attending High School at Payson
i won first place at the District typing contest in
Springville; May 1929 - won two ribbons at the
school track meet in Spanish Fork; summer 1929 -
had fun practicing our mandolins with my girl
friends; July 1929 - danced the Highland Fling with
Kay and Beth at Perry Show Hall; early spring 1930 -
I had the mumps; May 1930 - Iwona ribbon at the
school track meet in Provo for accuracy throw;
<span id="page-??"></span>
875 Ella May

also May 1930 - Iwon the Curtis medal playing
'Valse Caprice! and though mother and Edith tried
to get me to play the piano by note, I played by ear;
June 1930 - took the leading part in the play 'The
High Heart' and graduated from Payson High School
having won two certificates in shorthand, tenpins
and an Eversharp pencil while attending there.
1928-30 - I served as Sunday School Secretary in
our Ward in Payson; 1 Sep, 1930 - I started school
at Henager Business College in Salt Lake City and
stayed with the Harold Whites in the Fairmont
apartments, working for my board and room,

May 1931 - I began working for a Mrs, Ralls in
the Tourist Bureau of the Chamber of Commerce
in Salt Lake and lived at the Emery apartments;
June 1931 - I climbed Mt. Timpanogos with Albert
Hudson; | July 1931 - I began working for Terry
Ryan who was establishing a Writers' Bureau, and
I lived at a Mrs. Caines; 1 to 15 Aug. 1931 - I did
some vacation relief work at National Theatre ©
Supply Co." . .

Ellamae also writes other details of her life:-
"While we lived in Goshen my brother A, Owen
married 'Pate', who has always been like a sister
tome, Aunt Vena and cousin Pearl also moved
there. I remember Grandma Christensen visiting
us and making a braided rug for Mother. I rode
by bus to high school in Payson where I graduated
in May 1930. That fall Ienrolled at Henager Busi-
ness College in Salt Lake City and attended nine
months, While there I was typist for a school
paper, 'The Dynamo', and won three awards, one
in penmanship and two in shorthand, I also headed
the typing list with 97 words a minute and three
errors,

"While at home in Payson next winter,
1931/32, Byron and I went to Nephi to learn the
MIA contest dance, a tango, Ialso started violin
lessons with Tresia Krauss but only took a few,

I took part in the MIA road show and was in the
MIA ladies! chorus contest, Iwas hired to take

in shorthand and transcribe the funeral services
of John Perkins, Onthe 8 Mar, 1932, I returned
to Salt Lake City to work in the office at Henager's
and to continue business school,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ella May 876

"My first full time job ($40.00 a month) was
with Utah-California Motor Lines in Salt Lake,
where I met my future husband, Harold Dorcheus
Krantz (b. 1 Feb. 1910 in Culdesac, Idaho (near
Ashton) to William Charles and Ellen Louise
Dorcheus Krantz), I called him 'Pat' and he was
tall, dark and handsome, At the time I lived with
Aunt Sarah Christensen, my father's sister, and
she was like a second mother to me, During this
time Cousin Lucile and I became good pals. We
gave each other nicknames, I called her 'Sally' -
she called me 'Jerry'. Hers didn't stick but I've
been Jerry ever since,

"T worked for two years, then Pat and I were
married at my parents' home in Payson, by Bishop
Cheever, 16 Dec, 1933. We lived in Salt Lake for
our first two years, during which time our first son,
Bill, was born, Looking at him for the first time
I felt that we had performed a miracle. He was an
exceptionally good baby and I spent most of my
time playing with him, since Pat was driving inter-
state so wasn't home very much, I wrote him a
letter each time he left home so he would get it
when he arrived at his destination,

"Phen we moved to Maywood, California,
where Pat started working for an oil company,
Our son Mike was born in Bell, California. We
enjoyed our nine years in California and saw many
interesting places, It was like a dream seeing the
ocean for the first time; the boys loved to play on
the beach. While we were there, Edith, Heber
and family moved down to California, and also
Cliff and Rhea.

"To me, owning a home has always meant
security so I started working at Consolidated Steel
in Maywood to help get a down payment for one.

We bought a home in Whittier, Calif., in an orange
grove, I shall never forget the smell of orange
blossoms and night-blooming jasmine, nor the
plaintive song of the nightingale. Then came the
shock of Pearl Harbor and the blackouts. It was
especially tense on the coast. Consolidated Steel
built tank lighters, anti-aircraft guns and Liberty
ships, (We saw one of these launched). We decided
to sell our home and move back to Utah or Idaho.
<span id="page-??"></span>
877 Ella May

So in the spring of 1943 we bought a home in
Idaho Falls,

"It seemed wonderful to see the streets
lighted again - I felt so good I wanted to run
instead of walk, We found the people so friendly
and interested, The boys and I became active in
the Fifth Ward, Itaught Primary and was secre-
tary in the Relief Society. I also served as Stake
Secretary for the Relief Society, Pat joined in the
socials and dances. Then we bought a small farm
and moved six miles out of town. Pat and I were
both inexperienced but worked hard fixing up the
house and getting livestock and machinery. The
house was modern only to the extent that it had
water piped in. Later we found out that the well
went dry every spring for three months. We
painted, papered, built new cupboards and installed
hot water, Pat was working as a car salesman and
I decided to go to work to help with the finances.
We had a big garden so there was plenty of canning
to do, We had cows, pigs, chickens, rabbits, and
raised hay, grain and potatoes. We studied all the
government bulletins on farming. I could write a
book on our experiences on that farm.

"The boys had a mare and colt. They rode
the school bus to school and were active in all kinds
of sports and in music. Bill played the violin and
Mike sang and played the piano. Many times in
the winter the roads would be closed from drifting
snow, We made a comfortable home the nine years
we lived on the farm and have many happy mem- |
ories - the boys loved it!

"We had an outstanding Bishop in the Taylor
Ward, Wesley Roberts, who had a wonderful
influence on our boys, I'm sure it was his teach-
ings and inspiration that gave them the desire to
go on missions, We have always been proud of our
boys and wonder sometimes how we could have been
so lucky. They both filled missions, Bill in Mexico
and Mike in the New Engiand States, They both
graduated from college, Bill from the University
of Idaho in Forestry and Mike from the BYU in
Business Administration, They both had temple
marriages, Bill married Helen Sessions in the
Idaho Falls Temple and Mike married Judith Ann
<span id="page-??"></span>
Ella May 878

Eastwood, whom he met at BYU, inthe Los
Angeles Temple, As I write this history and
reflect on my life up to the present Iam amazed
how time flies. It seems only yesterday our boys
were small. Ilook at them now with their little
families and think - 'there we were a few years
ago'.

"After the boys left home we sold the farm
and moved back to town.. My husband works as a
driver-salesman for Challenge Creamery. I have
been working for the past some twenty years as
legal secretary for the firm Holden, Holden &
Kidwell. Ihave blue eyes, light brown hair, am
five feet four inches tall and weigh 120-125 lbs.,
which doesn't vary much. Ilove being home, like
housework, and am happy inthe kitchen, I get
compliments on my cooking. I've always tried to
create a homey atmosphere so my family will love
coming home and will remember it with pleasure.

"T love to read and listen to sweet music -
but also like activities such as dancing, hiking,
swimming and bicycle riding, I can completely
lose myself in gardening and it is pure joy for me
to be out in the hills fishing in a lively stream or
beautiful Lake Palisades, I love simple things like
the coziness of a fireside, the smell of clothes just
taken from the line, or of freshly baked bread. I
love the smell of willows on the river, lilacs in
bloom, and blue sky with billowy clouds, I espec-
ially like being grandma and shopping for the
grandchildren.

"I love to take trips and see new country.
When the boys were young we took them on a
camping trip to Glacier National Park. After we
got our trailer we took Bill and Helen to Priest
Lake in northern Idaho and Mike and Judy through
Yellowstone Park. Pat and I have traveled through
all the western states, including a ferryboat ride
through the San Juan Islands to Victoria, and to
Mexico when Bill was released from his mission.
A Christmas or two ago we flew to Moscow, Idaho,
to be with Mike and his family and later we flew
back to Maryland to see Bill and his.

'Now here we are still in Idaho Falis, where
<span id="page-??"></span>
879 Ella May

we own a nice home, a car, truck and-house trailer
parked on the river in Swan Valley where we spend
weekends all summer. My husband shares his
great love of the outdoors with me. We fish, hike,
pick chokecherries and huckleberries, read or just
relax and enjoy the sound of the river. In the
winters we enjoy our cozy fireside and try to
accomplish special projects. We finished a hooked
rug last year and have an afghan to crochet now.
Pat keeps the house repaired and painted. There
are many things I would like to do. I would like to
learn to play the piano well and to sew my own
clothes. I've always thought I would like nursing -
perhaps when I retire I'll do hospital work, Per-
haps someday also Pat and I can give our boys
their dearest wish and go through the temple."

Descendants of Ellamae Bartholomew and
Harold Dorcheus Krantz:-

(A) William Charles Krantz born 29 July 1934 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md, 23 Aug. 1957 in
Idaho Falls, Idaho, Helen Genevieve Sessions
(b, 21 Oct, 1934 in Idaho Falls to Owen E, and
Norma Wheeler Sessions), Children:

I, Kathryn Krantz b, 29. May 1959 in Moscow,
Idaho :

II, Susan Krantz b. 10 Feb. 1962 in Susanville,
Calif, oe

Ill, Cynthia Kay Krantz b. 29 Dec. 1962 in
Placerville, Calif,

(B) Michael Bartholomew Krantz born 28 Oct. 1936
in Bell, Calif.; md. 11 June 1960:in Los
Angeles, Calif., Judith Ann Eastwood (b, 18
Oct. 1940 in Long Beach, Calif. to Fred and
Dorothy Ann Sutton Eastwood). Children:

I. David Michael Krantz b. 23 Apr. 1961,
Provo, Ut.

II, Mark Alan Krantz b, 27 Apr. 1963,
Pasadena, Calif.

li], Karen Ann Krantz b, 19 Sep. 1964,
Twin Falls, Idaho, .
<span id="page-??"></span>
Alice Fern 880

(48) Alice Fern Christensen (7) was born
14 Apr. 1914 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, She,
lacked less than a month from turning two years
old when she moved with her parents to a ranch
near Lyman, Wyoming. She attended grade and.
high school at Lyman, Evanston and Cheyenne,
Wyoming, graduating from Lyman High School
the spring of 1931.

Alice became an accomplished singer and
pianist, At one time she and her sister Marjorie
sang over the radio on their own program listed
as "Alice & Marj''. She has played and sung in
night clubs and with bands, She herself writes of
this:- "I have worked at playing the piano in town
bands, night clubs, at style shows, luncheons, and
for Rotarians, Elks, Jaycees, etc. I also worked
at typing, my main job being with the Federal Civil
Service at the Sacramento Signal Depot (procedure
section) where in one year and two months I
achieved my goal by obtaining an Outstanding
Efficiency award as well at a Sustained Superior
award, which is considered quite an achievement
in Federal Civil Service.

"On 3 Nov. 1941, in Las Vegas, Nevada, I
was married to McNeil Frandsen (b. 23 Sep. 1915
in Elsinore, Utah to Alma F, and Petrea Nielson
Frandsen), We had a very happy marriage but
after twenty years and four months as man and
wife he died of cancer at Reno, Nevada, 10 Mar,
1962, after having suffered with this terrible disease
for one year and two months, He was buried 13 Mar.
1962 in Reno, After his death my former boss at
the Signal Depot in Sacramento, Robert G. Farrell,
made three different trips to Reno to try and get me
to go back there to work, but I didn't,

"I began playing dinner hour music at the
Nevada Hotel in Ely, Nevada and that is where I
met my second husband, Joseph Robert Burns,
who was a cook and chef in Elko. We were married
in Elko 16 Jan. 1964, Later we moved to Tonapah,
Nevada where he did the same kind of work and I
played the piano at the 'Tonapah Club! there two
nights a week. I want you to know that I have had
the grandest mother, father, sisters and brothers
on earth - just a marvelous home life in my youth."
<span id="page-??"></span>
881 Lucile Christensen

Alice and Joseph Burns were finally divorced
and she moved to Salt Lake City, Utah. She is at
present working at the University of Utah Printing
Department doing studies computing. She has no
descendants,

(49) Lucile Christensen (2) tells her own
story in what she calls An Autobiography in Brief:
"1914-1917 - Baby Years: Iwas born 17 May 1914
in Pleasant View (North Provo) Utah. My father
wanted me named Mette Marie, a Danish name,
but Mother prevailed and I was named Lucile,
Father was appointed president of Ricks Academy
in Rexburg, Idaho and we moved there when I was
but a few months old, My recollections of this
period are meager - but vivid, A leather clad
Indian doll which I loved was taken and chewed
up by the rats. We had a large collie dog which,
in its playfulness, often knocked me down, My
brothers shot a huge snowshoe rabbit which they
carried suspended on a stick between them.

"1917-1931 - Years of Our Migrations; 1917,
we were at LaVerkin, Utah at the hot Springs for
Edythe's health and Father's property speculation,
1918, we were at Hinckley, Utah where father
headed the Millard Academy, Here Margaret was
born, Luther and I explored the sage covered hills
and found a horse caught in barbed wire. Much to
Mother's concern I spent many hours. on the res-
pective backs of two mean horses, Fox and Dobbin,
I fell from the seat of a disk-plow and cut. open my
upper lip. 1919, by summer we were living at
Star Ranch near Mona, Utah, Father, understand-
ing my insatiable longing fora horse, gave me a
little sure-footed mare which I promptly. named
'Queen', For the full summer I remember no.
other companion than the beautiful animal on whose
back I lived and dreamed. Father called me his
‘Danish Fairy' and I thrived in the sunlight of this
affectionate name until one day, when he took me
to Santaquin with him, he pointed out an old
bewhiskered man who passed us on the street, by
saying, 'See, that is a Danishman'. Never again
for me did 'Danish Fairy' call forth the same
bright image as before. At Star I had an accident
<span id="page-??"></span>
Lucile Christensen 882

with a razor blade which left me with a four inch
scar on my left wrist. We got a victrola which
played wonderful music, Something, unknown to
me now, happened which caused me to entertain

a fear of the dark which has never left me, 1920,
during the winter in Provo, Utah, was the flu
epidemic, We were all sick, Margaret had pneu-
monia and Dr. Hassler helped pull her through,
1921, Edythe left for school in Boston, 1923, we
moved to Salt Lake City, Utah to a house around
which flowed a bend of the Jordan River. Father
was sick. I attended Cannon School and Cannon
Ward Sunday School, Little sister Margaret was
very frank and humiliated me when she told my
teacher that we lived down by old Barnhage, the
pig man, after I had been describing the beauties
of our home by the river. Luther and I discovered
a drowned man flating in the river. We also were
caught on the Bamburger train bridge. We had
just hooked a huge carp and had to abandon it,
losing our rod and line as we scampered for our
lives before the train. 1924, we were settled in

a more comfortable home on 879 South Main
Street, I attended McKinley School there. I
remember an incident here which touched me,
Luther kept a string of muskrat traps in Draper
and sold the pelts. One night he had to walk clear
from Draper with a skunk pelt because the conductor
wouldn't let him ride the streetcar in his 'perfumed'
condition, Wendell and Sheldon filled missions and
later were married from this home, as Edythe was
also, Father took us younger children on several
summer trips to California, southern Utah parks
and Yellowstone. Mother started a burial clothes_
business and Luther started to move in the direc-
tion of his career as a veterinary doctor, 1930,
the house we were renting sold, so we moved
nearly to 1740 So, Main, into another large home
which Mother, with financial help from Luther,
arranged to buy. Mother continued her sewing and
also boarded and roomed teachers and secretaries
to make our living. Father was sick with diabetes
but continued to work and travel trying to make his
investments and schemes pay off financially. I
attended West High School where I met George F,
Tate. Iattended South High School my senior year,
<span id="page-??"></span>
883 Lucile Christensen

the first year it was built, Father died 17 Dec,
1931,

"1932-1938 - Years of Change: For several
years I had helped Edythe with her growing family,
working on Saturdays and during the summers, I
also worked at her husband's office (Drs, Robbins,
Horne and Clawson), In the fall of 1933 I left for
Los Angeles to attend the Art Center School, one
of the country's foremost commercial art schools,
I studied there until 1936, living the first year at
Wendell's and the last two with Luther and Velda.
My summers were spent in Salt Lake City. Edythe's
health was very poor and Mother's financial burdens
were heavy, so it was arranged that Mother would
sell the home on Main Street and go to live with and
care for Edythe and her five children. When my
school was finished and I returned to Salt Lake, I
worked as a window designer for Lerner Shops.
During the years I had been away, George Tate
had been at the Air Corps Technical School at
Rantoul, Illinois. We had corresponded quite
regularly, in fact carried on a pre-courtship
relation which gave us a wonderful opportunity to
exchange ideas and feelings, George came home
in October of 1937 and after two wonderful weeks
of getting to know each other better, we became
engaged, When he left to return East, I wrote in
a goodby letter; 'When I think of eternity with you,
it's none too long a time,' I have never had reason
to feel otherwise. We were married in the Salt
Lake Temple by his grandfather, George F.
Richards (Pres, of the Quorum of the Twelve) for
whom George had been named, 9 Sep,. 1938. Three
days later we left on a cross-country honeymoon
to make our first home in Dayton, Ohio. ‘(George
Franklin Tate was born 25 July 1913 in Tooele,
Utah, the sonof George Lawrence and Alice
Minerva Richards Tate),

"1938-1944 - Early Ohio Years: These were
exciting, growing years with much opportunity for
happiness, George progressed to the position of
Project Engineer for aircraft engine instruments,
and then to Unit Chief in charge of engine instru-
ment development for the Air Force. He traveled
extensively in this country and to Alaska. Together
<span id="page-??"></span>
Lucile Christensen 884

we visited New York, Washington D.C., etc. Our
two oldest daughters were born here, Kathryn and
Barbara, the latter just three days before Pearl
Harbor. We were active in church and served as
local missionaries together. Our girls were fre-
quently ill. Kathryn developed a tubercle in her
lung and the doctors advised us to leave the damp
climate and take them to California. We took
their advice,

11944-1946 - California Years: We moved
to 5242 Alhambra Drive, Woodland Hills, in the
hot, dry San Fernando Valley of California, The
change worked wonders for our girls and for us
also. George was re-employed by the government
as Production Engineer in charge of aircraft instru-
ments for the West coast, but after his Wright's
Field experience in Ohio he became restless for
more to do and looked around for something more
challenging. Soon after moving here our son George
was born, I cared for the children and spent much
time with Sheldon's wife Mary, my long-time friend
who lived just a few miles away in Tarzana, and
with Luther's wife Velda, also a friend of long
standing, who lived in Sherman Oaks. When
George found more challenging employment it was
with reluctance that we left our home in the Valley
and moved to San Lorenzo Village across the bay
from San Francisco. George was employed as
Project Engineer for the development of a much
needed recording instrument for the Air Force,
Friden Calculating Machine Co. was his employer.
The instrument was completed and under flight test
at Wright Field when the war ended, The family
now being in good health, George accepted another
offer from Wright Field and we moved back to
Dayton, Ohio, during the cold winter of 1945/46.
During the process of the move, Kathryn fell from
a car and sustained a head concussion. She was
hospitalized for a week, administered to, and
recovered without permanent injury.

13946-1952 - Late Ohio Years: Our new
home in Dayton was a large two story frame house
from which we attended our Dayton Branch of the
church and from which our children attended
Jefferson School, The summer after our move
<span id="page-??"></span>
885 Lucile Christensen

our youngest daughter, Susan, was born, Mother
Christensen came to care for us, for after Susan's
birth I was laid low with a severe case of mental,
physical and spiritual depression which put me
back in the hospital and then kept me low after

my release, Faith, administrations, and the con-
certed prayers of the Council of the Twelve, under
Grandfather Richard's guidance, combined to help
me. At the time I prayed fervently to the Lord,
saying that if he would help restore me to my feet
so that I might care for my children and take my
responsibilities, I would serve him willingly for
the rest of my life. It was a total commitment
which He honored. My recovery was rapid, and
since that time I have had many opportunities to
work in His church, This experience led to greater
solidarity and purpose in our lives, The old chapel
where we met in Dayton was sold by the church
since the neighborhood was rapidly deteriorating
and we were meeting at the Miami Hotel. George
was Sunday School Superintendent and I was Relief
Society President, Later I became District Relief
Society President and Branch Primary President
at the same time. A new chapel was built and
George supervised its erection while I planned its
interior decoration, It was completed during 1950-
1952, We were busy and happy, but as Kathryn
approached her teens we became aware that there
were only a few young people in the church there
and began to think seriously of moving to Utah
where the children would have more opportunity

to associate with young people of their own faith,

"1952-1958 - Salt Lake Years: In July 1952
we bought Alumatic Door and Window Co, in Salt
Lake City from George's brother, Ralph, and
found ourselves deeply engrossed in a new challenge.
The next three years brought steady growth but also
excessive business demands, We began to feel that
we were neglecting our children, With the hope of
lessening the strain we brought others into the com-
pany and changed it from a partnership into a cor-
poration - but this didn't work out, After taking
some heavy losses we pulled out and formed the
George F, Tate & Co. (our present business),

This made it possible for Ralph to assume control
of the old business which he had originally started,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Lucile Christensen 886

We had built a large rambling brick home in Salt
Lake on an acre and a half of creek-side property

at 3142 East 3600 South, which we called 'Westate',
We had hoped it would be our home for many years
but it was not to be, for we were inspired and guided
to bring our children to Provo the year Kathryn was
ready to enter BYU. The decision was made, the
home we now live in found, and the younger children
registered at BY High, all ina single day. It took
us several months to sell our East Millcreek home
but nevertheless we moved to 688 North 700 East in
Provo for registration the fall of 1958, During the
Salt Lake years I had worked quite actively as a
free-lance interior designer, I also served in
church as Highland View Ward Primary President
and then as president of the East Millcreek Stake
Primary. I also decorated the Highland View chapel
and new East Milicreek Stake center.

"1958-1969 - Provo Years: In September of
1958 Kathryn, George and I all registered as Fresh-
men at BYU. In October of that year I had an offer
to travel to Europe to help make decoration sugges-
tions for the Hamburg chapel in Germany, then
being supervised by my brother-in-law Burtis F,
Robbins, Berlin Mission President. Since I was
already committed to commute to Salt Lake twice
a week to work with the building committee on the
East Millcreek Stake House, and was also registered
in school, I was obliged to decline the offer. It had
always been my desire that if lever went to Europe
it would be with my husband.

"The intervening years have been very full.
Kathryn graduated in nursing, Barbara in speech
and hearing therapy, Susan in English, and I re-
ceived my BA degree in English the spring of 1964
and my Masters in English in 1967. During the
summer of 1963 I attended the International Language
school at Vienna and then Salzburg, Austria, George
joined me for the last part of the summer and
together we visited Berlin, Denmark and Sweden,
flying home to meet Susan and Barbara in New York,
following their tour of the New England states, Our
son, George Sheldon, served a West German
mission (1964-1966) and upon completion of it met
Susan in Luxumburg and they toured Europe together.
<span id="page-??"></span>
887 Lucile Christensen

Kathryn had spent a summer in Mexico earlier
(1959) at the language school there and Barbara,
not wanting a foreign trip, had gone to the Hill
Cumorah Pageant. Upon completion of Susan's BA
and my Masters degrees, she received a teaching
assistantship in Freshman English and I received
a full time contract as an instructor of Humanities
at BYU (1967). George Sheldon went back to school
following his mission and now plans to complete a
PhD in comparative literature with an emphasis in
languages, He now is doing advanced studies in
Latin, German and Norwegian; to these he will add
French, Italian and Greek, in addition to Old
Saxon, Gothic and French, He then hopes to teach
at BYU. Indeed, we are a school family, busy and

happy.

"Now (1969) all three daughters are married
and busy raising their families, George Sheldon
was just married, George F, has been specializing
in genealogy work at BYU in order to become
accredited - and he loves it. He is serving as
East Provo Stake Mission President, At present
Tam serving as his companion in this stake mission,
Since living in Provo I have also served as Relief
Society teacher, counselor in East Provo Stake
MIA, and as a decorating consultant on the East
Provo Stake Center, The sacred commitment that
I made so long ago in Dayton is a life-long promise
which I intend always to remember and honor. As
a family we look forward with anticipation to many
wonderful busy years in worthwhile activities and
responsibilities,"'

Descendants of Lucile Christensen and George
Franklin Tate: --

(A) Kathryn Tate born 30 Dec, 1939 in Dayton,
Ohio; md, 16 Aug. 1962 in Manti, Utah (Temple)
Brent Lamarr Gledhill (b. 27 Mar. 1939 in
Sacramento, Calif, to Albert Myron and Mary
Jane Briggs Gledhill). Children:

I, Jon Barton Gledhill b. 12 July 1963
It. James Brent Gledhill b. 27 Aug. 1964
Ill, Joseph Bartholomew Gledhill b. 19 Sep. 1966

(B) Barbara Tate born 4 Dec, 1941 in Dayton, Ohio;
md, 10 Aug. 1967 in Salt Lake City, Utah (Temple)
<span id="page-??"></span>
Lucile Christensen 888

Dennis Frank Bednarik (b. 31 Jan. 1943 in Salt

Lake City to Frank and Edith Irene McClure

Bednarik) Child:

I. Jennifer Bednarik b. 29 Dec. 1968 in
Murray, Utah.

(C) George Sheldon Tate born 7 Sep, 1944 in
Santa Monica, Calif.; md. 19 July 1969 in
Los Angeles, Calif. (Temple) to Julie Ann
Walton (b. 14 July 1945 in San Diego, Calif,
to Raymond H. and Elaine Perkins Walton).

(D) Susan Tate born 17 July 1946 in Dayton, Ohio;
md, 4 June 1968 in Salt Lake City, Utah (Temple)
John Charles Laing (b. 18 Jan. 1945 in Long
Beach, Calif. to Charles William and Grace
Scott Laing) Child:

I. John Patrick Laing b. 25 Feb. 1969, Salt
Lake City, Utah

(50) David Christian Christensen (8) was
born in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, 16 Nov. 1915.
He grew up in the Gunnison area and attended
school there until his family moved to Manti,
Utah not long after he turned ten years old. Here
he continued his education, graduating from Manti
High School in May 1934, after having acted as
Studentbody President during the year.

Salt Lake City became David's home soon
after his graduation, His father having passed
away in Dec, 1932, David was now the ''man of
the family'' and his mother's main help in the
things about the place that needed a man's touch,
He was a great help to her, In Salt Lake he regis-
tered at the University of Utah and took some
classes there in the department of Mines and
Engineering for atime. He was somewhat of a
hustler and although the great depression was in
progress in the country he did what he could find
to do to help out.

David was married 17 Dec. 1941 to Myrtle
Osborn (b. 9 July 1917 in Escalante, Utah to
Warren Jasper and Ruby Twitchell Osborn),
Their marriage was solemnized twenty-and-a-
half years later, 21 June 1962, in the Salt Lake
<span id="page-??"></span>
889 David Christian

Temple, War preparations were very much in
evidence at the time of their marriage and David,
as well as Myrtle, were soon engaged in the
same, as evidenced by a letter he wrote to his
sister Gladys in San Francisco about a year after
they were wed. A copy ofthe letter follows:

"Cheyenne, Wyoming
5 Nov. 1942
"Dear Gladys:

Yes, we are more busy now than ever, It
seems like the ships (planes) keep coming in faster
all the time and fewer men to do the work - more
females, It's ten or eleven hours every day so
we do manage to keep out of mischief at home.

We have been lucky to have the same hours the
past two months; hope we can have the same luck,
all winter - and I do mean winter! We sure would
like to live in California by Lake Merrit again,
You don't know how lucky you are. not to have. to
plow through snow on your way to work.’ We are
glad and mighty lucky to be together, however,

so in spite of the long hours and Wyoming in
general, we are still in love and happy. And the
money that's rolling in - ah, if living just wasn't
so damn high! By the way, Ihave had another
raise. ; “ : tee

.'We had a battle on: our hands a few days
ago. It seems they had us on our way to New.
York; but me, I turns up the next morning to work
in good old Cheyenne just the same.. Well, there
- were a lot of promises made to bring us back in
a short time, but I found a fellow who lived in the
east and they sent him instead. It sure did sound
fun but we still want to stay west of Cheyenne,
Wyoming. The draft board hasn't sent any more
news to me and I have my Navy papers all ready
to go if they do, I think I'm safe until February
anyway.

"Myrtle and I are planning to fly home for
Christmas and surprise Mother; that is if we can
both get a couple of days off together. We can
get half fare and that's cheaper than bus - so why
not? It would be swell if you could come too,
Myrtle hasn't even been inside my kind of airplane
yet so I think it will be a swell treat for her.
There isn't much news to tell you from here so I
<span id="page-??"></span>
David Christian 890

guess I'll sign off for tonight. Love, Dave &
Myrtle & Dicky. (Dicky is our new little boy-
bird - lots of fun to play with)."

When World War II was over David and
Myrtle returned to Salt Lake City and joined with
his mother in buying a duplex home there at 1333
South 6th East. Millie lived in the one side until
her death, while David and his family occupied the
other, and still live there. He and Myrtle have
three children, a son and two daughters, the first
daughter born before they returned to Salt Lake
from California where they had been transferred
from Wyoming.

In all, David has worked for United Air Lines
for some twenty-eight years. He worked for them
first in Oakland, Calif. for three months, then two
years in Cheyenne, Wyoming, two years in San
Francisco, and for the past twenty-four years at
the Salt Lake airport, For the past eight years
his wife Myrtle has been working inthe delivery
room of the LDS Hospital in Salt Lake as a regis-
tered nurse, They are still busy, happy people,

Descendants of David Christian Christensen
and Myrtle Osborn:--

(A) Kathleen Christensen born 20 Jan, 1944 in
San Mateo, Calif; md. 22 Nov. 1964 in Salt Lake
City (Temple) William Hagen (b. 11 Dec. 1939
in Salt Lake City to Walter Tom and Frances
Duke Hagen), Children:
I. Diana Lyne Hagen b. 8 Feb. 1966, Salt Lake
City, Ut.
II. Anthony Todd Hagen b. 28 Feb, 1967,
Salt Lake City.

(B) David Scott Christensen born 18 Aug. 1949 in
Salt Lake City, Utah

(C) Malinda Pat Christensen born 11 Dec. 1955,
Salt Lake City.

(51) Don Gilmore Christensen (3) writes:
"T was born 31 Dec. I916. My mother told me
that there was some discussion as to whether I
was born 31 Dec. 1916 or 1 Jan. 1917, father's —
<span id="page-??"></span>
891 Don Gilmore

watch indicating that it was already the New Year
and Dr, Hagen's that it was still 1916. The doctor
prevailed. Whether his watch was more accurate
than father's I do not know; Ido know this, how-
ever, that a birthday sandwiched in between Christ-
mas and New Years is not the best time of year

for a young boy's birthday - it tends to get lost in
the other events of the season.

"My oldest brother, Harold, stated many
times that he did not know Mother was expecting
and that it came as a great surprise to him to
learn that he had a new baby brother. He wondered
if the folks had adopted a child, I am twenty-two
years younger than Harold, Mother was nearing
forty-five when Iwas born. But whether Harold
was expecting me or not, my parents were and all
of my recollections of them are of tender, loving
care towards me. Mother told me several times
while I was a young chap that although she had
other children she felt, upon my birth, like 'Sarah
of Old' must have felt about her son Isaac, who
was born when she was old. She always made me
feel like I was something special and important to
her, and throughout her lifetime I tried: to be just
that, -

"At the time of my birth we were ‘he siding t
within the Gunnison City limits but my first clear
recollection of home is the farmhouse down below
Rocky Point, a mile or so west:of Gunnison, Along
about age nine I became-ill with pneumonia and -
recall spending considerable time in bed and out.
of school. When Lwas recuperating, the-ice on
the Sanpitch River was thick enough | for, skating,
and sliding. I importuned Mother until she finally
let me go out and play with the others, I was not
sufficiently recovered andthe relapse which. a
followed was considerably more severe than. the
initial illness, I have heard that the doctor. . :
despaired of my life, but Mother! s constant care
and the ‘mustard plasters' apparently pulled me.
through, Mother was also my teacher during the
long period of convalescence and I was quite sur-
prised, on returning to school, to find that Iwas
right up with the class,

-"Speaking of illness, there was an evening
<span id="page-??"></span>
Don: Gilmore 892

and night at the Rocky Point ranch when Keller
Christensen, my nephew, was about as sick as
anyone could get. He had eaten too many green
apples, His brother Cloyd and I had helped him -
but somehow we escaped, Before my ninth year
was over my father became so ill and died, His
death was a severe loss to the family, one that I
did not fully appreciate until much later. Ihardly
got to know him except through others,

"Sometime after Father's death we moved
from the Rocky Point home to Fayette, Utah, a
distance of about six miles from Gunnison. We
lived with my Uncle Henry Bartholomew, who
was a widower with young children, The school
house in Fayette had only two rooms and Blaine
Anderson of Mayfield was the principal and teacher
of the upper grades. I started out there in seventh
grade, but somehow convinced Mr, Anderson that
I was as smart as his eighth graders so ended up
graduating with them. It was quite a surprise to
my old classmates in Gunnison to find me a year
ahead of them when I started to attend Gunnison
Valley High School. The years at high school were
interspersed with summers working on the farm
and an occasional trip to the mountains, mostly up
Twelve Mile to the sheep camp or to get out logs
or hunt deer. I rather liked the summers more
than the school time of year, in spite of the heavy
work, Ithink I might have become a farmer if I
hadn't had so much trouble with hayfever. I
graduated from Gunnison High School in 1934.

"Then it was on to Brigham Young University.
I remember meeting Cousin Phil Christensen there
and being initiated into a club of which he was a
member (Vikings), Undoubtedly Iwas very much
of a hayseed but Phil was very kind and considerate,
It was in Freshman English class that I first met
Freda. We were both assigned to Miss Black's
class, which was on the hill, Freda's preceding
class was on lower campus and she was always
late for English, Miss Black, who was otherwise
very strict, let her get by with this. Much later
when I teased Freda about this her reply was, ‘Well
you'd never have noticed me if I hadn't come in late’,
We did some dating during the next three years, but
<span id="page-??"></span>
893 Don Gilmore

nothing too serious, Then I was called to serve in
the East German Mission and she became a most
faithful correspondent during the next two-and-a-
half years,

"By the time I was released, in Independence,
Missouri, Freda had graduated from the 'Y' as
valedictorian of her class, received a Masters
degree in Chemistry from the University of Chicago,
and was working in the Mayo Clinic in Rochester,
Minnesota. Upon my release I made my way in
that direction, She was expecting me but somehow
we got our signals crossed and she didn't meet me
at the station as anticipated. Iwas very dis-
appointed and was not at all sure but that I had
read into her correspondence more than she had
intended. However, having made the trip and
having the address of the apartment where she
and her girl friend were staying, I decided to
look her up anyway. Upon arriving at the apart-
ment all my doubts and misgivings were allayed,

I found her intears, She had missed me at the
station and was sure that I had continued on my.
way home and that she wouldn't get to see me,
The recollection of that reception from Freda,
who is not a particularly demonstrative person,
led to our engagement, which occurred later in
Provo,

"But I still had another year of school at the
BYU before graduation, which I completed with a
teaching credential and a major in German, I
went to summer school the following summer and
took French, along with other subjects, with the
intention of going into foreign languages. In the
meantime Freda had accepted my proposal of
marriage and we set the date,

"Freda came to our home in Fayette shortly
before our marriage. To a large extent we were
strangers, for except for our correspondence we
had enjoyed little contact since our school days
together some four years before. I was married
3 Sep. 1941 in the Manti Temple to Freda Seraphine
Decker (b. 14 Dec. 1916 in Snowflake, Arizona to
Louis Addison and Achsah Mae Hatch Decker), At
the same time and place Uncle Henry Bartholomew
married, as his second wife, Freda's older sister,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Don Gilmore 894

Catherine. A few days later Freda and I left for
California with the intention of me completing
some graduate work in German at Stanford Uni-
versity. This Icommenced, I had a scholarship
to that university which helped with my tuition and
Freda went to work for the chemistry department
at the university to pay our living expenses,

‘But then came Pearl Harbor and I soon
enlisted and received a commission as an Ensign
in the U.S, Navy Reserve. My first assignment
was at the Naval Air Base at Alameda, Calif, We
lived in Oakland and I commuted on the bus. -It .
was while I was stationed here:that our first child,
Peter, was born. It was while here also that my
path crossed that of Cousin Sherman Christensen,
who at the time was stationed at Hollister, Calif.

"T was transfered to Eagle Mountain Lake,
Texas and later to Traverse City, Michigan, in
connection with experimental remote control
devises under the air arm of the Navy. Iwas
assigned as Operations Officer for an air squadron.
My next orders were for Hawaii and so I took Freda
and Peter to her folks in Snowflake, Arizona and
left them there while I continued on with my squad-
ron to Barber's Point, some fifteen miles out of
Honolulu, It was while Freda was awaiting my
return from overseas that our second son, Don
Joseph, .was born, I stayed in the Honolulu area
until the war was ended and:then was in due time
rotated home. It was a happy homecoming.

When we returned to the area of Palo Alto
in hopes of my ‘starting. school there again, we ,
found no housing available at our limited means.
although we searched up and down the Bay for ~
considerable distance. We finally decided to try
the. University of California at Berkeley. and were
successful:in finding. housing’. in a housing, develop-
ment with a lot.of other young, marrieds,. within
two or three miles of the campus, I soon learned,
however, that there was no course in language
which I needed beginning at that time:of year at.
Berkeley. But there:was a course in ‘law at
Hastings College of Law-in San Francisco starting
then;'so,. more by happenstance than design, I
enrolled at Hastings. College and commuted the
<span id="page-??"></span>
895 Don Gilmore

first year across Oakland Bay Bridge to San Fran-
cisco, At the end of the first year there I was able
to transfer to Boalt Hall at the University of Cali-
fornia at Berkeley, where I received my LLB
degree on 17 June 1948,

"During this last school period we had put
the boys in nursery school and Freda went to work
for the Radiation Laboratory onthe Berkeley cam-
pus. Her earnings, together with the benefits
received under the GI Bill, enabled us to get by
quite well. But there was still the bar examination,
This I took early next fall and was successful in
passing. Incidently, I also took and passed the
Utah Bar examination that year but decided not to
return to Utah.

"Upon passing the Bar we learned of an open-
ing in the office of John T, Fuller, a practicing
attorney in Porterville, Calif. I accepted his offer

and went into his employ, which later developed
into a partnership that continued until Mr.. Fuller's
death in March 1965, In the meantime another
young attorney, George S. Kralowee Jr., who
passed the Bar two years after myself, joined the
firm. We are partners and enjoy a very happy
association, Our new offices at 472 West Putman
in Porterville, when we opened in January 1966,
have room for four attorneys, but neither George
or I desire to take in additional partners at this
time. Neither of my two older sons plan on joining
the legal fraternity. Of the three boys born to us
here in Porterville, Robert, Richard and James
Allen, two have expressed a desire to join me in
the practice of law. However, they are still young
and may change their minds. -Ihaven't been as
fortunate in this respect as Uncle Albert was.
Our one and only girl, Glena, is a very sharp little
student and has pleased her Dad by stating that she
would join me at the office. 1 replied that she
might make a good secretary - but she too is. still
young. Over the years we have built a good prac-
tice and I am hoping that some of the children will
join me, though I do not intend to do much 'arm
twisting’ on the matter,

''When we came to Porterville in 1949 there
was a small branch of the LDS church here, which
<span id="page-??"></span>
Don Gilmore 896

was an important factor in persuading us to make
this our home, The church population has grown
steadily and in 1951 we became a Ward in the
Bakersfield Stake, Iwas sustained as its first
Bishop and served six-and-a-half years. Upon
my release I was appointed to the Bakersfield
Stake High Council under President E, Alan Pettit
and have served in this capacity to the present.
However, my first love is the Porterville Ward
and the members here, I have aiso served as
president of the Tulare County Bar Association,

"Tam six feet two inches tall, with blue eyes
and quite grey hair at this writing. I'm sorry to
admit that I'm somewhat overweight at two hundred
and twenty pounds and the weight tends to be pro-
portioned toward the middle. Apart from a
persisting hay fever I have enjoyed exceptionally
good health, Right now my favorite hobby is golf,
which I took up some years after coming to Porter-
ville. George and I and a couple of buddies usually
make it to the golf course each Saturday, amid
much discussion as to who's going to get how
many 'strokes' spotted to him,"

Descendants of Don Gilmore Christensen and
Freda Seraphine Decker - the last four born in
Porterville,’ Calif:

(A)- Peter Louis Christensen born 6 May 1943,
Mare Island, Calif.

(B) Don Joseph Christensen born 22 Sep. 1944,
Snowflake, Arizona; md, 22 Mar. 1966 in Los
Angeles, Calif, (Temple) Karen Lucile Carlson
(b. 4 Aug. 1944 in Great Falls, Montana to
‘Lenard Anton and Lela Evelyn BJur Carlson).
Children:

I Juleen Christensen b, 25 Dec, 1966, Provo,
Utah . .
II, Bryan Carl Christensen b, 18 Feb, 1968,
' Provo.

(C) Robert Decker Christensen born 27 May 1950
(D) Richard Lynn Christensen born 30 Oct, 1952
(E) Glena Joy Christensen born 19 Apr. 1954

(F) James Allen Christensen born 8 Oct. 1955.
<span id="page-??"></span>
897 Charlotte Rose
(52) Charlotte Rose Christensen (7) writes

something of herself;- "I was born 30 Apr. 1917
in Lyman, Uinta, Wyoming, eighth child in the
family, lIattended school at Evanston, Cheyenne
and Lyman, Wyoming, graduating from Lyman
High School as class valedictorian with a scholar-
ship to the University of Wyoming at Laramie.

"I spent from Sep, 1934 through June 1937
at the University of Wyoming. I worked my way
through doing stenographic duties and being pianist
of the campus dance band. In July 1937 I accepted
a position with the fiscal agent of the university
but continued in campus activities, including the
dance band, until 23 May 1939. June 1, 19391
accepted a summer position with the Department
of Interior at Yellowstone National Park but
stayed summer and winter for two-and-a-half
years, War was declared and I resigned to go to
California, 13 Jan. 1942, at which time I was
secretary to the assistant to the superintendent of
the department at Yellowstone.

“From 27 Mar, 1942 to 8 June-1951 I worked
at secretarial duties with the Air Traffic Control.
Division of the Civil Aeronautics Administration
in Santa Monica and Los Angeles, California. My
last position with this group was as secretary to
the Chief of the Air Traffic Control Branch, with
supervision over the stenographic staff. I resigned
due to pregnancy, for in the meantime I had mar-
ried, 8 Aug. 1948 in Las Vegas, Nevada, Herbert
James Warne (b. 2 Oct, 1920 in Erie, Pa., to
‘Earl Ross and Julie Marie Semple Warne),

"He had his own dance band and we had met
through his need for a piano player. He played the
trumpet. He was attending UCLA under the GI bill
at the time and he graduated in Business. Adminis-
tration from the University in June of 1950. He
now works for Max Factor as a purchasing agent
and has for the last twelve years and more. His
favorite hobby is his 17 ft. inboard-outboard motor
boat and the fishing and water skiing, etc. it.
provides,

"Our three daughters are our greatest bless-
ings ofall. They are talented in music, dancing,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Charlotte Rose 898

scholarship, looks and personality - guess you can
tell I'm proud of our children! They are one hund-
red percenters in church attendance, all baptized
LDS of course, and active in church activities.
They hope to bring their father into the church
someday.

"During high school I was secretary in the
Sunday School, Sunday School organist, and Primary
'Blue Bird' teacher. During college days I was
active in the LDS Institute. In our present West-
chester Ward in California I have been Relief
Society organist from 1959 to the present.

"To me life has always been interesting, with
wonderful experiences, Working in a National Park
winter and summer was a rare opportunity for
observing nature and wild life. The C.A.A, was
another enriching experience, as control of air
traffic is intensely complex and fascinating and I
met many interesting people - my employer, L.
Ponton de Arce, for instance, was one of the men
who originated our system of air traffic control as
we know it today. Ialso got to see a good-looking
naval officer now and then, named Sherman Chris-
tensen, a cousin from the office of Commander
Max Black,

"My work as a pianist in dance bands since
Iwas sixteen has given me the chance to meet and
observe countless people during their lighter mo-
ments - very revealing. I enjoy people and love
to play the piano, so this has been a painless
though demanding way of earning during the years.
My husband and I still play, more as a hobby now,
but the demand always seems to be there,

"T have too many wonderful memories of my
parents to even begin to share them at this time.
Their influence on my life was always for good - I
cultivated my own faults !"'

Children of Charlotte Rose Christensen and
Herbert James Warne - all born in Santa Monica,
Calif. :-

(A) Marilyn Ray Warne born 25 Sep. 1951
(B) Linda Marie Warne born 14 Apr. 1953
(C) Janice Loraine Warne born 4 Oct, 1956.
<span id="page-??"></span>
899 Vera Clark

(53) Vera Clark (9) writes, 'I was born 12
July 1918 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah, in my grand-
father and grandmother Christensen's home. I
spent most of my first two years onthe ranch
(The Oasis) near Lyman, Wyoming or on The
Weber in northeastern Utah where my father ran
sheep. Then Father went to work for Mother's
brother, Uncle Albert, running his ranch west of
Gunnison, Utah. My sister Alta was born at Aunt
Emma's while we were living at the ranch and my
second sister Tresia was born at the ranch and
Aunt Emma took care of little Alta.

"Ivan Lyon's folks were also farming west
of Gunnison for some Mellors, My folks and the
Lyons visited back and forth and played cards
together. The folks would do the chores at night,
on occasions, get out the horse and wagon, spend
the night playing cards and visiting at the Lyons,
while we children slept, then drive home next
morning in time to do the chores. Sometimes the
Lyons would come to our house, People in -Gunni-
son used to tell me that the Lyons! son, Ivan, once
pushed me into a ditch of water. This was not
quite right however, for Ivan says he remembers
it well because his Dad gave him a licking because
he picked me up and tried to carry me over a
ditch full of water and accidently dropped me in
it. Imyself can't remember this since it must
have been before we moved to Goshen when I was
four,

"In Goshen the folks rented a place across
from the George Burraston family, who were fine
neighbors and have been good friends ever since.
Dad finally bought a home across from Uncle Alma
and Aunt Elsie Bartholomew, Mother's sister. —

"The year I was in the third grade we had so
much sickness - measles, mumps, chickenpox,
pneumonia, and I had scarlet fever, Mother said
the doctor came every day for me and my sister
LaFaye, who had measles and then pneumonia.

He expected me to die and her to get well. Idon't
remember a thing about getting sick or being sick
until I was nearly well - in fact when I started to
peel. I could pull good sized patches of skin off.
I can also remember the morning LaFaye died,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Vera Clark 900
for she was the one to die while I got well,

'The morning she died Alta and I were awake
and Mother wrapped us in quilts and took us into the
room where she lay. We were still under quarantine
for scarlet fever and the only one who could leave
the place was Dad, He went to work, did our
shopping and all. LaFaye's funeral services were
held on our lawn and they had her casket just inside
the front door, It was cold, since she died 24 Feb.
1927. Mother sat near with us children all around
her while Dad went with the casket to the Goshen
Cemetery. It was a sad, sad time."

George Washington had his story about the
cherry tree and Vera has her own ''cherry'" story:-
"Another thing I remember about my illness was
when I regained my appetite. Iwas starved. I
asked for a dish of cherries one day and I was so
hungry I said I wanted twenty-one cherries. Dad
brought me in a dish of bottled cherries, saying he
had no idea how many there were, But I counted
each cherry as I ate it and there were exactly
twenty-one cherries.'' Even in little things such
as this her parents demonstrated their love for her.

"Aunt Emma asked me to come to Gunnison
and visit them one summer. In fact, I spent two
or three summers there with Uncle Charles, Aunt
Emma, Ada, Imelda and sometimes Byron, After
Aunt Emma died, and Ada was married and Byron
was on his mission, I not only spent the summer
but the whole winter in Gunnison with Imelda and
Uncle Charles. I took my seventh grade work
there that winter.

"Thad just finished sixth grade when our
family moved from Goshen to Santaquin, 1 May 1940.
Dad bought a lot with no house on it, He moved a
big garage from our place in Goshen onto the lot
to make two rooms, We rented a house on the
same block and lived in that while he built our
home, When I came back from my year in Gunni-
son to attend school in Santaquin I was a stranger
but soon got acquainted. I graduated from the
ninth grade after two winters there and then took
the bus to Payson to attend high school, from
where I graduated the spring of 1936, While
<span id="page-??"></span>
901 Vera Clark

attending high school I taught in the Primary in
Santaquin.

"After graduation I picked berries in Provo
one summer and then went to stay with cousin
Elaine in Salt Lake City for about three months
before she moved to Cedar City, since Ted was
already down there working. She lived on 4th Ave.
just around the corner and just below the steps
from Memory Grove. Then I went back to Santa-
quin and worked for Frank Andreason for about
ten months. He lived just across the street north
from the east end of our lot. His wife Lauree had
milk-leg and was pregnant and they had four. boys,
Ienjoyed working for them, One day Mother came
over and asked me to come and have dinner with
her as she was alone; Dad was working and-the
children all in school, It seemed strange to be
invited to my own home for dinnet, :

"IT was married 22 Apr. 1938 in Santaquin,
at the home of our Bishop Karl D. Greenhalgh, to
Ivan Peter Lyons (b. 28 Dec, 1915 in Ephraim,
Utah to Joseph and Karen Allred Lyons). We had
a reception the next night at the Union Hall, mostly
dancing. The day after that we went to Ephraim
to live and here we spent about fourteen years. At
first Ivan worked for Glen Nielson raising, turkeys
but later he went to work for the Denver and Rio |
Grande Railroad as a section hand for seven.or |
eight.years, It was when he was transferred to
Castle Gate and Scenic (a railroad section just .,
below Soldiers Summit) every winter and had to
board himself that he gave up railroading.

“We rented for the first five or six years in
Ephraim and then bought our own home there, We
spent one summer living in Scenic, I went to
church in Ephraim occasionally but wasn't too
active when the children were young. We moved
to Wendover, Utah some sixteen years ago. Since
coming here Ivan has worked for the potash plant
just east of town, called Bonneville Ltd. - but now
owned by Kaiser Chemicals of Oakland, California.
It is a good job.

"We have had ten children in the se thirty
years, losing one in infancy whom we had named
<span id="page-??"></span>
Vera Clark 902

Janet. She was born in Mt, Pleasant LDS Hospital
and died there from the effects of whooping cough.
We buried her in Ephraim the day she was two
months old, I had whooping cough at the same
time, along with my children. Our son Albert,

just older than Janet, was born in Gunnison Valiey
Hospital while we were living in Ephraim, I don't
believe the Mt. Pleasant Hospital was finished then.
My sister Loraine was living with us when our
daughter Ann was born (home delivery). Today

we have five children married and ten grandchildren.
Albert has served in the army in Vietnam and
returned home safely, for which we are most
grateful.

''We bought the folks' old home in Santaquin
sometime after Mother's death and I lived there
the winter Ann finished high school, since there
was no high school in Wendover. I then went back
to live in Wendover for the next year and then ©
returned to Santaquin for two more winters while
Sharon finished high school there. Ivan came home
about every other weekend during those winters in
Santaquin. However, I only spent a week or two at
a time in Santaquin during the summers, putting up
fruit, etc. In winters there I served as a Relief
Society visiting teacher and also taught in the
Primary. Ihave always loved to read so I read a
lot there, crocheted, embroidered and sewed a lot
for myself and family. I had to learn to knit to be
able to teach the girls in my Primary class - I also
taught myself to tat.

"J have continued to be a Relief Society
teacher here in Wendover, as well as to teach in
Primary, along with my reading and sewing.
Also, I was assigned to take care of the kitchen on
Relief Society work meeting days. We usually had
potluck but I was required to set the tables and
clean up afterwards, with help from other members,"

We are happy to bring Vera's history up to
date with the word that she has now been serving
as Relief Society President in Wendover for about
nine months (since Sep. 1968) and that she and Ivan
went to the Salt Lake Temple, 11 Oct. 1968, to
have their marriage solemnized and four of their
ten children who could qualify sealed to them for
<span id="page-??"></span>
903 Vera Clark

eternity, including the little dead daughter Janet,
for whom Vera's sister Tresia stood, Vera is now
preparing to be sealed to her beloved parents and
hoping that her sister Alta will join her in this
blessing, since they are the only two of the children
yet unsealed to them.

Descendants of Vera Clark and Ivan Peter
Lyons:--

(A) Frank Clark Lyons born 28 June 1939 in
Ephraim, Utah; md, 1 Aug. 1960 in Wendover,
Utah, Gayla Vee Nielson (b. 25 Mar, 1942 in
Joseph, Utah to Niels Ernest and Verl Gay
Nielson), Children:

I, Margaret Annette Lyons b. 13 June 1961 in
Salt Lake City, Utah .

Il. John Robert Lyons b. 15 June 1963 in
Salt Lake City.

(B) LaFaye Lyons born 12 Jan. 1941 in Ephraim,
Ut; md. 17 Apr. 1959 in Santaquin, Ut., Neil,
Ray Peterson (b. 30 May 1940 in Salt Lake City
to Ross Victor and Shirley Mae Moore Peterson).
Children: -
I, Cheryl Lyn Peterson b. 20 Feb. 1964. in.
Salt Lake City, Ut.

Il. Julie Ann Peterson b. 24 Jan. 1967 in
Ely, Nevada

III, Michele Ray Peterson b. 17 Jan. 1969,.
Salt Lake City. :

(C) Laureen Lyons born 6 Aug. 1942 in Ephraim,
Ut; md. 17 Nov. 1958 in Elko, Nevada,- Donald
Raymond King (b. 21 Mar. 1939 in Kemmerer,
Wyoming to Raymond Walter and Rose Johnson
King). Children:

I, Becky Lynn King b. 5 Oct, 1961, Salt Lake
City, Ut. Co

Il, Stephen Michael King b. 12 Oct. 1964,
Salt Lake City. .

(D) Elvena Ann Lyons born 18 Sep, 1943 in
‘Ephraim, Ut; md. 6 Sep. 1962 in Santaquin,
Ut., Oswaldo Paiva, whose complete name is
Ignacio Oswaldo Pavia Rodriguez (b. 1 Feb.
1938 in Arequpa, Peru to Jose Domingo Pavia
Tellez and Marie Angelica Rodrigues Vizcardobe),
Children: my
<span id="page-??"></span>
Vera Clark 904

I. Ann Elizabeth Paiva b. 23 June 1963,
Provo, Ut.

Il, Sherri Marie Angelica Paiva b. 24 May
1966, Columbus, Ohio

Ill. Robert Oswaldo Paiva b. 7 Sep. 1967,
Columbus, Ohio

({E) Sharon Lyons born 26 Apr. 1946, Ephraim,
Ut.; md. 21 Aug. 1965 in Elko, Nevada, Charles
Henry Thompson (b. 21 May 1936 in Twin Falls,
Idaho to Samuel Ward and Isabell Tomlison
Thompson). Child:

I. Terry Lynn Thompson b. 5 Sep. 1967,
Ely, Nevada

(F}) George Albert Lyons born 4 Oct. 1947 in
Gunnison, Ut.

(G) Janet Lyons born 17 Sep. 1949 in Mt, Pleasant,
Ut. ; died 13 Nov. 1949 in Mt, Pleasant; bur.
Ephraim, Ut.

(H) Ivan Craig Lyons born 13 Dec. 1952 in
Tooele, Ut.

(I) Susan Lyons born 6 Sep, 1955 in Tooele, Ut.
(J) Vera Ellen Lyons born 29 Aug. 1959 in Tooele.

(54) Margaret Christensen (2) youngest of the
children in this branch of the family, was born 27
May 1919 in Hinckley, Millard, Utah. Gleanings
from her life's history have been gathered mostly
from her brothers and sisters, although she herself
has contributed a few choice glimpses of her early
years, She writes: 'My Papa was one of the
grandest persons I have ever known. He loved us
children but always expected us to be well mannered
and respectful. He could be stern when he had to
be, but he could also be jolly and fun to be with.
During the few short years that I was privileged to
know him he furnished me with some of my most
vivid and cherished memories and most valued
lessons of my childhood,

"'Papa' was the title which Father wished to
be called by his younger children. My friends all
called their fathers 'Daddy' and often teased me
for using such an old fashioned name as 'Papa',
<span id="page-??"></span>
905 Margaret Christensen

Like all children I wanted to be just like one of the
crowd and conform, so the next time I saw Father
IT addressed him as 'Daddy'. He was very hurt and
felt that Iwas being disrespectful. He felt that
this was a slang expression and that was something
he couldn't tolerate, From then on. I always. called
him Papa and was proud to do so, .

"Father would many times share his dreams
with us younger children as to what was in store |
for us as soon as 'the big deal went through’. One
of these dreams resulted in my learning a very
good lesson, After he had returned from one of
his very frequent trips to Southern California, I
heard Father telling Mother that we would be
moving to California in the very near future. This
seemed to be a culmination of many of my own
dreams and I just had to share it with my friends.
The next morning, in my second grade class, I
stood up and made the startling announcement that
our family would be moving shortly. Asa result
a surprise party was planned for me. I. was per-
mitted to have the party, but along with it came
a stiff punishment for ever having told sucha _
preposterous stretch of the truth. As far as. 1
know Papa was never to know about this - he had
already left on one of his trips. I learned then
that dreams didn't too often or too easily c come _
true,

"One spring morning Father anridinced’he ”
had decided that Lucile and I were to accompany
him to Southern California, Mother was not too
much in favor of this because it meant our being

taken out of school. Papa had often said that he
felt as much could be learned by traveling to new
places and observing new things as could be
learned in the classroom; so Mother's veto was
soon outvoted by the three of us and we were soon
on our way. How thrilled we were! Just think -
two whole weeks with Papa and no schoolwork or
household chores, We could hardly believe our
good fortune. Father kept us interested and _
amused all the way telling us wonderful stories
‘and tales of his various adventures. This was
Papa at his best. He loved the out-of-doors and
loved traveling. oe :
<span id="page-??"></span>
Margaret Christensen 906

'In those days, after leaving St. George,
Utah, the road to California resembled a cow
trail more than it did a highway. We always ;
crossed the desert at night well supplied with gas
and water. Many times during the night Papa
awakened Lucile and me to help push the car
through the sand that had drifted over the road.
Even this did not dampen our spirits. To us this
was high adventure. During the night we crossed
Dry Lake, a large expanse of dried mud where
one could travel at the break-neck speed of thirty
or forty miles an hour, As we came to the edge of
the desert it was dawn and there was the most
beautiful sunrise, We found a quiet spot under a
stately Joshua tree and Papa cooked a most
delicious breakfast. The memory of the joy of
that morning has never faded. We proceeded to
our destination where we spent a most enjoyable
week in the mountains, From then on traveling
was in my blood!"

Margaret was just short of eleven and a half
years old when her father died, She and Lucile
were the only ones of the children left at home
with their mother at the time. Some time after-
wards the three of them went to live with the older
daughter of the family, Edythe Robbins, an arrange-
ment to benefit both families having been worked
out. Though Lucile did not remain long at the
Robbins' Margaret and her mother did. In fact
this became Margaret's home until she married.

Margaret's schooling was all obtained in Salt
Lake City. She graduated from South Side High
School in 1936. She attended the University of
Utah the winter of 1936/37 and the next fall began
her nurses training at the LDS Hospital, where she
graduated in June 1940 with her R.N. degree, after
which she continued to work at the hospital.

_ She was married 20 Dec. 1940 in the Salt Lake
Temple to Richard Paul Adams (b. 10 May 1918 in
Salt Lake City to Paul and Florence Eatough Adams),
Paul had attended West Side High School where he
was an outstanding scholar and achieved in sports,
He was in pre-med at the University of Utah at the
time of their marriage and continued on until he
had spent two years and two quarters in pursuit of
<span id="page-??"></span>
907 Margaret Christensen

his medical education at that school. Margaret
also continued to work as a nurse at the LDS
Hospital after their marriage.

In the fall of 1941 the couple moved to Louis-
ville, Kentucky where Paul continued his training
at the Louisville Medical College while Margaret
worked for eight months in surgery at the Norten
Memorial Infirmery and then as supervisor of
surgery in a children's hospital in Louisville.

She became pregnant so discontinued her hospital

work but found employment with the telephone co.

there as operator and night supervisor, which was
much less taxing. She was determined to see her
husband through to his graduation. ©

The couple's first child, Paul Jr., was born
in Louisville in January 1944, Margaret took three
months off and then in April went back to work again.
In August she contracted polio, She was immed-.
iately hospitalized and hot packs were applied
twenty-four hours a day until her recovery was
assured. With the help of medical knowledge and
the fervent prayers of her loved ones she recovered
completely with no ill effects remaining. It was
during this time that Paul graduated from medical
school, os .

The Adams family returned to Utah and Paul
took his nine months intern at the Thomas Dee
Hospital in Ogden from Sept. 1944 to July 1945, —
Margaret worked at the Veterans Hospital in Salt.
Lake from September to January and then moved
to Ogden and worked in the office at the Thomas
Dee Hospital until Paul was finished with his:
intern. World War. II was then on and Paul went
from there into the Navy, serving some -.fourteen
months during which time he was stationed in
Farragut, Idaho, Minneapolis, Minn., San Fran-
cisco, Calif., and finally Clearfield, Utah.
Margaret went to Salt Lake City to live and it was
here in March 1946 that their second.son,> David,:
was born, Less than two and a half months .after
David's birth his nearly two and a half year old
brother, Paul Jr., died of lukemia in Salt Lake
City and his body was taken to Provo ‘and buried
beside his grandfather Christensen,.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Margaret Christensen 908

When the war ended Paul took up private
medical practice, first in Manti, Utah for a year
and a half (1946-1947) and then in Delta, Utah for
the years 1947-1950. During that time a baby girl,
Marsha, was born to him and Margaret (July 1947)
in Salt Lake City. A third son, Dennis, came to
bless their home in March 1950, and was also
born in Salt Lake City.

Soon after the Korean War broke out and
Dr. Paul rejoined the Navy. He was assigned
first to Bremmerton and then Pensacola, Floria,
where he took naval air training and graduated as
a Flight Surgeon. In September 1951 he was sent
to the Air Station at Alameda, Calif. and his family
was permitted to join him there. It was there in
December 1951 that the couple's fifth child, Douglas,
was born, From here Paul left for overseas where
he served for eight months on board a carrier in
Korean waters (from Mar. to Nov. 1952),

After some two years in the service Paul
joined his family in California and they settled in
San Lorenzo where Paul set up his own practice
once again. They lived there six years, from Nov.
1952 to Nov. 1958. Then Paul decided to go into
anesthesiology and they moved to Seattle, Washing-
ton, where he took up his residency at Virginia
Mason Hospital and Clinic from Jan, '59 to Jan,
'61, specializing. He then went with a group of
anesthetists to practice at Eden Hospital in Castro
Valley for a number of months.

In the meantime Margaret worked in Seattle
at the Seneca Summit Hospital in surgery as night
supervisor, while working days at the Medical
Dental Hospital as head nurse, What a busy
woman she was! In Oct, 1961, when Paul was
through with his training in Seattle, he and Mar-
garet moved with their young family to Pleasanton,
Calif, and he joined the staff at the Valley Memorial
Hospital in nearby Livermore. Margaret became
employed as supervisor of the surgical floor at
Washington Township Hospital from Apr. '62 until
June '63, She then went to work as office nurse
for a urologist from June '63 until the first part
of '64, when she took a year off from her public
labors,
<span id="page-??"></span>
909 Margaret Christensen

Margaret returned to work at Washington
Township Hospital as supervisor of both the medical
and orthopedic floors the latter part of '64 until '66.
At present she is employed part time as office nurse
for the urologist for whom she worked before,

She has included church service among her list of
activities over the years. Some of the positions
she has found time to hold, somehow, have been
Primary secretary, YLMIA secretary, Junior
Sunday School Coordinator, Stake Mutual class
leader, Laurel leader, etc.

Since neither nurses or doctors are immune
from sickness or surgery, both Margaret and Paul
have had their ''bouts' with these also, especially
in later years, Paul is at present recovering from
one of a series of operations that have plagued him
these last two years. Margaret, the smallest of
the A. B. Christensen children, has had her share
of operations and the like, but her power of ''come
back'' is unusual, She seems to never stay down
for long but springs right back to good health
again, which she seems to be enjoying at the
present time,

She and Paul are also beginning to enjoy the
fruits of successful parenthood, They get much
joy from the accomplishments of their four living
children who have all excelled in scholarship,
sports and other school activities and church
attainment, They welcomed their son David home
from the Franco-Belgium Mission last year and
have the satisfaction of seeing him back at his
pre-med training at BYU in Provo. They had the
pleasure of attending their daughter Marsha's
graduation in nursing at BYU this June, as well
as the thrill of greeting her first baby and their
first grandchild a few weeks before that graduation.
They have watched with happiness the successes of
their two younger boys as they win their letters in
basketball and football and climb up the ladder of
the Priesthood, round upon round, All these
things help to cancel out the discouragements that
sometimes come along the way.

Descendants of Margaret Christensen and
Richard Paul Adams:-
<span id="page-??"></span>
Margaret Christensen 910

(A) Richard Paul Adams Jr., born 31 Jan, 1944
in Louisville, Kentucky; died 6 June 1946 in
Salt Lake City, Ut.

(B) David Russell Adams born 19 Mar, 1946 in |
Salt Lake City

(C) Marsha Lynne Adams born 11 July 1947 in
Salt Lake City; md, 28 June 1968 in Salt Lake
City (Temple) Lowell Dee Castleton (b. 29 Feb.
1945 in Moab, Ut. to Leon Jay and Elaine Jones
Castleton) Child:-

I. Trevor Lowell Castleton b. 2 May 1969,
Provo, Ut.

(D) Douglas Brent Adams born 31 Dec, 1951 in
Alameda, Calif,

(55) Max Albert Christensen (8) was born 10
Oct. 1920 in Salina, Sevier, Utah, the only one of
Millie's babies born in a hospital, all the others
being home births. His sister Gladys writes:
"Mother used to say that Max was a perfect baby.
She even entered his picture in the South Sanpete
County Fair one year and sure enough - he came
away with the 'Blue Ribbon'. He attended grade
school in Manti. Max was always very close to —
me, After Father died (when Max was twelve) the
two younger boys missed him terribly. Mother
was so busy making the living, so Ilalways did
what I could to compensate for their loss,"

Max as a young boy kept up a steady corres-
pondence with Gladys, Excerpts of some of his
letters are included here, all addressed to her in
Salt Lake City: 'Manti, 20 Oct. 1932... I got
the pencil box and sure like it, All the kids wish
they had one like it and I don't blame them - do ©
you? Iam getting along fine in school and like it
much better this year than lever have, I just
about forgot to tell you how I like the slippers and
thanks very much for them. . . . Dave is glad he
got the briefcase, It is raining here tonight. We
have four railroad men here and it keeps Mama
busy. Iwish you could see me in my new suit, it
is brown. Iam a Scout now, David has a type-
writer now. Mama got it of Mr. Beal. I sure like
<span id="page-??"></span>
911 Max Albert

to write on it and Dave said I could write all I
wanted to. Ihope you and Grace don't get married
because you give Dave and me such good presents
and we sure do thank you. Love, Max. ,....
Manti, 13 Feb. 1933 How are you up there? We
are just fine. We had our Boy Scout Buzzerel and
we sure did have fun, The play I was in went over
fine and they had us repeat it in assembly. Mother
is out doing dishes. Grace went back Friday and
we sure miss her, I got your valentine and thanks
a lot - the candy sure was good, We sure have a
lot of snow down here and it sure has been cold -
32° below zero. Our water froze up twice. ,

I have been taking electricity, making little motors,
buzzers, dot-dash buzzers and other things and
maybe I will get me a small dry cell battery to run
them with. John Nielson is teaching it to me and

I sure like it. Well I've said about all the news so
goodbye, Love, Max. ... Manti, Apr, 23, 1934
I got your Easter egg and thanks a lot - sure was
good, On Easter, Morlin Cox and I went Eastering
and we sure had fun. I guess you are wondering ©
how our marble tournament came out - well it came
out fine! I got first and got a big blue ribbon and it
said on it 'Grand Champion', I got first in my
room and first in Manti school. We have sure had
cold weather down here but it is getting warmer.
School is only lasting eighteen more days and I
sure hope I get into High School next year, This

is about all the news. Love, Max. P.S. Mother
and I made a good batch of beer - wish you were
here to taste it,"'

Max, his mother and brother David moved
from Manti to Salt Lake City the spring of 1936. —
His mother had purchased a roomy home at 636
East 3rd South and here Max resided until he
made a home of his own, He attended West High
School from where he graduated. The depression
of the 30's was still on and jobs were hard to find,
After high school he joined the C.C.C.'s fora.
time, Then 4 Aug. 1941, in Salt Lake City, Max.
married Mildred Fishler (b. 3 Dec, 1918 in Salt
Lake City to Phillip R. and Alice Mabey Fishler).

Then came ''Pearl Harbor'! and Max joined
the U. S, Navy and by 1 Dec. 1941 was in it up to
<span id="page-??"></span>
Max Albert 912

his ears, He was a member of the crew of the USS
Enterprise, our country's largest carrier. A
letter from him to Gladys in San Francisco, dated
11 Oct. 1941, read as follows: ''My Dear Sister
Gladys:- Yes, time does fly before we realize
where it has gone, Iam still well, young and
unhappy, and fighting for the day I will be home
again with all of you. I read your letter and when
I came to the part where you said David had joined
the Naval Reserve it almost, or did bring tears to
my eyes to think he has to come out to all this ‘hell’,
It may be glory back home but out here it is just
gruesome, and hatred for everyone and everything.
At first I did want all of them out here fighting -
now I would like to see you all stay where you are
safe. If David is determined to come though, I
hope I get to see him somewhere.

"It has been over a year now since I have
seen any of my family, even Mildred. Home
seems so awfully hard to believe and far away
that sometimes it almost scares me. I hope Iam
not ruined when I get home - this is all so terrible.
We lose friends and it just turns one away. I know
what you mean about Mildred, Ihave always known
it. She is so faithful and everything she does has
a good will behind it. I hope I can get home to
finish school and then our dreams of happiness
will be well on their way. We are doing fine
though in saving - we have a car all paid for and
five or six hundred in the bank.

"Please write me often Gladys and lets get
back in the way we used to. Somehow you always
looked after me and I surely need it now. Keep
praying, not only for me but for all the boys, and
with yours and our Christian prayers I know we
won't go wrong. Your loving brother, Max,"

A letter from Max to his brother Wesley and
family in Dividend, Utah was written some weeks
later:- ''Nov. 2, 1942 - Hi kids: No, I haven't
forgotten you although I realize it has been some
time since I have written. Iam well and we are
still giving them the old 'Enterprise Hell!' I
haven't been made Chief yet, Wes, but Iam keeping
my hopes up. I may be a hero one of these days
when I don't get too scared. I hope you are all
<span id="page-??"></span>
913 Max Albert

keeping the flags waving back home as I sure want
some of that 'Old Giory' pretty soon, also some of
that canned deer meat you have hoarded away, I
hope the kids are both OK and give them my best
love. Please write soon and give me the latest.
Your loving brother, Max,'!

The folks at home were concerned for him,
Grace wrote to Gladys: 'Have been so worried
about Max - still don't know which carrier was
sunk, No news now is good news, My heart
jumps every time I hear the doorbell,'' And
Millie wrote to Gladys (30 Nov. 1942):- ''We've
been so worried about Max. There is still one
aircraft carrier missing but since I got his last
letter I'm sure it's not the Enterprise. Mildred
is taking a month off at Christmas time. Grace
and Doug are taking a trip before gas ration
begins. . . Iwill send your ration book. We have
had some trouble getting coffee but think we'll
have plenty now as I have some in storage, .
Dave and Myrtle will fly home for Christmas.

I feel sorry for the Fishlers now they have two
sons and two sons-in-law in the war. . ."!

With everyone else in it the temptation to get
into the war proved too great for Max's wife,
Mildred, and she joined the nurses corps. He
objected, but you know how most men are about
their wives, He mentioned this in a letter to
Gladys dated 15 May 1943, fromthe USS Enter-
prise:- 'My Dear Sister Gladys: Just got a letter
from Mildred and she was awfully blue at the way
I feel, Ijust can't help it - she asked me how I
felt about her joining the service and I told her.
After all this time away I certainly hope I don't
have trouble at home like that, but I certainly
don't like it and she knew it when she went into
the army. Inthe case that Ido get home now and
she has gone overseas, as she said she was going
to do, Iam going to be in a fine fix - back to the .
States and no wife, Sous

"I almost forgot to tell you something
important, at least you won't have to go around —
with a gob, as I made Chief the first of June -
how's that? I took the examination the other day
and sure enough I knew enough to slide by. Don't
<span id="page-??"></span>
Max Albert 914

tell anyone yet as I'm not absolutely sure of it and
something may go wrong. I don't know how come
I tell you all my secrets first unless that is the
way it has always been - huh? Your ever loving
brother, Max.'!!

Max received his appointment to Chief
Pharmacists Mate and also a well deserved
furlough. A news clipping in a Salt Lake paper
of Aug. 19, 1943 tells something of this:- ''To
Chief Pharmacists Mate - Max Christensen, on an
aircraft carrier which has 10 announced battles to
its credit, including the raid on Tokyo and has
received the Presidential citation. Son of Mrs,
Millie A, Gudmundson, 636 East Third South Street,
with whom he is visiting accompanied by his wife,
Lieutenant Mildred Fishler Christensen, stationed
at Camp Fallen, Calif. inthe Nurses Corps, They
are also visiting Mrs, Christensen's mother, Mrs.
Pp, L. Fishler, 679 Second Ave."

The emotional implications of war can be
devastating to people's lives and young blood is
easily brought to the boiling point. Despite Max's
and Mildred's furlough together a rift came between
them and they soon separated, each going his own
way. Mildred re-married and had three sons by
her second husband, Mr. Bleiweiss. Max finally
broke under the strain of war abroad and disappoint-
ment at home and was hospitalized for some time.

There were many who broke under the strain
of World War Il, as there are inevery war. Max
was one of the lucky ones - perhaps his strong
Viking heritage played a part, as well as the kind
and loving care and understanding of his dear
mother and brothers and sisters, He became well
and strong again and determined to go ahead once
more. There is a ''Cinderella'' ending to his story,
for on 20 Oct. 1956 in Elko, Nevada he re-mearried
Mildred Fishler, who was by then divorced from
Mr. Bleiweis. There had never been anyone else
for Max but Mildred.

Max officially adopted the two youngest of
Mildred's three sons and they took the Christensen
name. He is manager of the Rocky Mountain Dental
Supply Company in Salt Lake City and Mildred, a
<span id="page-??"></span>
915 Max Albert

trained nurse and a good one, takes care of her
brother Dr. Kenneth Fishler's office, He is on the
staff of both the Primary Childrens Hospital and
LDS Hospital in Salt Lake. Living in the Twenty-
first Ward, both Mildred and Max are very active
in the church. He has served there as Sunday
School Superintendent and in other capacities, as
well as being in charge of Home Teaching. They
sent their son Tony on a mission to the Texas area
from which he returned in January 1967. Cousin
Sherman Christensen was pleased to find that he
had recently moved into the same ward that Max
and Mildred frequent and finds Max to be the same
outgoing, friendly fellow he has always been,

Descendants of Max Albert and Mildred
Fishler Christensen: -

(A) Anthony Bleiweis Christensen (adopted) born
3 Oct, 1945 in Salt Lake City; md. 14 June 1968,
Salt Lake City (Temple) Lynda Ruth Davis (b.

15 Oct. 1944 in S.L.C. to Duncan Hayward and

Ethel Lillydelle Player Davis). Child:

I, Jennifer Alice Christensen b. 5 Apr. 1969,
S.L.C.

(B) Richard Kim Christensen (adopted) born 26
May 1952, San Francisco, Calif. -

(56) Alta Clark (9) was born 2 Feb. 1921 at
the home of her Uncle and Aunt Charles and Emma
Peterson, who lived on a ranch about one mile east
of Gunnison in Sanpete County, Utah. As long as
her Aunt Emma lived Alta was a favorite of hers,

Alta spent about the first two years of her
life with her family, living in the small farmhouse
on her Uncle Albert's ranch some west of Gunnison,
where her father was ranch foreman. Then they
moved to Goshen, Utah, She says, ''I went to
elementary school in Goshen until I was nearing
the end of third grade, 1 May 1930, when we
moved to Santaquin, Utah. Here I finished ele-
mentary school and Junior High and then went by
bus to Payson for two years of High School. I
never went the last year or graduated, for by that
time I had learned the thrill of earning a little
<span id="page-??"></span>
Alta Clark 916

money of my own, Money was so scarce at home
and we had a big family. Up until this time I had
worked around a little doing odd jobs after school
and Saturdays and picked berries on Provo Bench
(Orem) for Parks in summer and in the beans in

the fall - anywhere to make a little cash.

"Then about 1938/39 I went to Salt Lake City
and got jobs doing housework for various families.
I returned home for awhile during 1942 but later
returned to Salt Lake and continued doing the same
kind of work there until about 1947. Then I started
sewing for a living and went to work for the Holly-
wood Corset Company, making lingerie, etc. I
worked for them for nine years, or until about 1956
when they were forced to close up. Then I gota
job sewing for the Osborn Manufacturing Company
in Salt Lake where they make Pendleton shirts,
coats, etc., and other name-brand clothing of all
kinds. Iam still working here at present.

"On 11 June 1955 in Elko, Nevada I married
John Francis Ison (b, 12 Apr. 1921 in Salt Lake —
City to Jerry C. and Eliza Robinson Ison), We
met through friends and he was a roofer by trade,
After many years we separated by mutual consent,
although we are not divorced and still see each other
occasionally. Ihave one son, Terry Thomas, who
has served his turn in the army and is now married
and living in Santaquin, He married a divorcee
with two young children, David and Debbie Rich,
whom he has not yet officially adopted but is raising.

"I love a friendly game of cards. Besides
pinochle, my main hobbies are sewing, hand work
and éspecially bowling. I belong to the Osborn
Bowling team and in 1965 I won two trophies, one
for my individual high game of 253, at which time
they put my picture in a Salt Lake paper, and the
other a team trophy. Ihave lived around in
various rented apartments since moving to Salt
Lake City but now rent one part of a duplex at
482 - 4th Ave., where I am very comfortable."'

Alta's niece Karen says she is a very "fussy"
housekeeper and a beautiful seamstress. We find
her to have many of her mothers' fine character-
istics, so sweet, loving, pleasant, good natured
<span id="page-??"></span>
917 Alta Clark

and easy to get along with; kind and appreciative
of others and all around good hearted. Alta is
also a fine letter writer. She is rather jovial in
disposition although very, very modest - and
especially shy around strangers. She has a great
love for her brothers and sisters and their families
and stays rather close to those who live near her,
She usually spends Christmas at Tresia's and
arrives there not long after Santa has left, early
Christmas mornings, often waking them up and
bringing bundles of good cheer. Her nieces and
nephews love her. She was especially close to
her sister Lorraine whose recent death was a
great blow to her,

Descendants of Alta Clark:- .

(A) Terry Thomas Clark born 10 Aug. 1942 in
Santaquin, Utah; md. 1965 in Las Vegas,
Nevada, Mrs. Florence Perkins Rich (b. 31
May 1940 in Pioche, Nevada to Orris S, and
Ruth Orr Perkins), Children:

I. Kenneth Lee Clark b. 15 Oct, 1965 in
Salt Lake City, Ut. Je

Il. Steven Lance Clark b. 11 Sep. 1967 in
Payson, Ut, : .

(57) LaPreal Bartholomew (5) was born 8.
Feb. 1921 in Goshen, Utah; blessed 1 May 1921
by William K. Thomas; and baptized 20 July 1929
in Goshen Hot Springs by David Poulsen. In her
mother's Book of Remembrance she writes of her
youngest child, LaPreal:- ''She was born in a four-
room adobe farmhouse on the ranch of Robert
Boswell near Goshen, Utah. When five years old
she had whooping cough and at age eight was vac-~
cinated for smallpox. She attended the Goshen
public schools through the first four years and
then, since our family moved to Payson in 1931,
she went to fifth grade in Payson where her teacher
was Miss Melba Loveless. She finished the Junior
_and Senior High Schools in Payson and then entered
Brigham Young University in the fall of 1939, _
majoring in foods and nutrition and receiving her
BS degree in June of 1943,"

On 28 Apr. 1944 in San Francisco, Calif.
<span id="page-??"></span>
LaPreal Bartholomew 918

LaPreal married Gene Francis Loveless (b, 12
Feb. 1920 in Payson, Utah to Owen and Virginia
Harper Loveless), A Payson newspaper later
carried this report:-.'""The marriage’of Miss
LaPreal Bartholomew, daughter of Mr. & Mrs,

A. C. Bartholomew, and Lieutenant Gene F. _
Loveless, son of.Mr.-.& Mrs, Owen Loveless,

was solemnizedrat.the LDS chapel in San; Francisco
with, Bishop C,( Ws: Nalder officiating. The double
ring: ceremony was used.:-The bride wore a beauti-
ful, aqua-blue afternoon dress with corsage of
gardenias. and pink reses, Owen Loveless acted
as best man for his-son. Immediately following
the ceremony a wedding supper was given at the
home of Mrs, Mable Harriman, grandmother of
the bridegroom. Mr. & Mrs. Loveless left for a
short honeymoon trip. They will reside at Chico,
California, '! coer Geet?

LaPreal writes, "I married: Gene F, Loveless
during the height of World War ll: This was no sur-
prise since we had grown up and gone to school
togethér in Payson. As a pilot‘in the airforce he
was later shot down over. Germany and died 6 Nov.
1944, His body was brought to Payson where he
was given a military funeral, 12 Nov, 1944. We
had no children and I have not remarried, instead
devoted my time and energy to my profession,
which is in the field of teaching. nutrition to both
the public and in schools.

"Having received my BS in nutrition and
education at BYU, I went to New York. City and
there received my MS and dietetic training from
Columbia University Teacher's College. Then.I
went to California where I received my MPH (the
equivalent of a Doctor's degree in my field), from
the University of California at Berkeley. I went
to Hawaii to teach in the college there where I
arrived by boat 14 Sep. 1953. Thus I have lived

_in New. York, Hawaii and California, which is now
my. home, and loved them all.

_"Tenjoy travel - seeing new people and places,
My civic services have been in connection with my
work in national and local organizations. I have no
desire to set the world on fire but live a quiet life
with my hobbies, friends and work,"
<span id="page-??"></span>
919 Cullen Yates

(58) Cullen Yates Christensen (4) was born
in Manti, Sanpete, Utah 8 May 1921. When he was
a baby he suffered a lot with eczema. His face
was often dobbed up with a soothing, smelly yellow
salve. If he ate eggs he got hives, his tongue
would thicken and his eyes almost swell shut at
times, This was rather disconcerting to Mother
Myrtle, a food specialist and dietition of some
experience, who tried to raise him with the most
scientific care, He was the best-taken-care-of-
baby one could imagine. He also had a number of
brothers and sisters in the home to help spoil him.

The Christmas Cullen was a year and a half,
Iwas home from school at Provo for the holidays.
My fiance had given me a ten pound box. of. choco -
lates and after passing it around a time or two] °
placed it in my dresser drawer upstairs for safe.
keeping. Every time I went upstairs when Cullen
was awake I would hear the thump- thump- thumping
of his little knees as he came crawling quickly up
the stairs behind me, 'Canny, Ninny, canny" he
could barely say it, yet with his baby hands
eagerly extended I knew well what he wanted, And
who could resist? Not I! ‘Together he and Iaté a
big share of that whole ten pound box of chocolates
in those ten days. I'm pretty sure Mother Myrtle
had no idea about Cullen's part in it, yet this doubt-
less aggravated his sensitive skin condition,

While he was still in the "diaper stage" his
grandfather Christensen used to take him’on short
walks up and down the sidewalk or around the block,
Cullen often wore little black sateen rompers with
a large yellow cloth cat face appliqued on front,
Hand in hand he and grandfather would toddle along,
for the old man's legs were rather short.and getting
stiff and he was. also built on a rather wide track -
like the diapered baby. But Cullen's short legs _
grew long in time and the rest of him also grew,.
and despite his early digestive problems he turned
out to be the tallest of A, H. Christensen's four
sons,

He was a few months past four when the
family moved to Provo and then later to Orem. .
It was in Orem that he attended school through the
grades and high school. He graduated from Lincoln
<span id="page-??"></span>
Cullen Yates 920

High School there the spring of 1938 as valedictorian
of his class, He was a talented boy, a fine student
and a great reader, He had a beautiful baritone
voice, was good at basketball; in fact most anything
he put his mind to he could do well. Of course he
had plenty of work to do on the small fruit farm
where the family lived, but he found time to fish

and hunt as a boy - and these he loved to do and

still does to this day.

Cullen writes about those early days in
Orem:- 'My most vivid recollections of Dad are
associated with the home in Orem, the fishing and
hunting trips, the family outings, Christmas, and
the law business, I believe Dad really loved that
place in Orem. He always arose early and did a
half days work before going to the office. Inever
could join him in his obvious love for horses and
sheep he kept on the place. Those horses ate con-
stantly and I doubt if he ever rode one. He seemed
to enjoy just watching them and perhaps recalling
his early days in Gunnison and Manti.

"My first recollection of fishing was with
Dad at Fish Lake and Strawberry, particularly
Charlie Madsen's camp at Strawberry. I can still
see the smile on Dad's face when he would bring
out a nice native trout on the big pop-gear.

"The Sunday afternoon picnics at Canyon Glen
and Aspen Grove were great. Mother would always
have such good food and Dad did enjoy games with
us children. Of course Christmas Eve when all the
family would gather was the greatest! Each would
perform in turn and Dad would enjoy every minute

of it..

‘Mother was always thinking of others and
doing something for someone else, Maybe she got
more enjoyment out of that than doing things for
herself. I truly believe that I was blessed with
the finest parents on earth,"

Cullen was popular with the girls at Lincoln
High School but he had found a favorite in Daryl
Stewart, atall, slender, pretty, dark haired miss,
And Daryl liked Cullen but her mother objected to
her going steady. His parents seemed to be of the
same opinion so the two didn't go steady but they
<span id="page-??"></span>
921 Cullen Yates

dated quite often nevertheless, The summer after
high school graduation Cullen went out of state to
work ona ranch. Daryl worked at Parks Cafe in
Orem and found that there were other young men
interested in her, one in particular who:was very
persuasive. werd

Cullen attended BYU the following winter and
since Daryl seemed unavailable for dating their
paths seldom crossed, The next summer. he went
with his brother Phil to Tulsa, Wyoming and worked
for the McGinnis Livesteck Company, and Phil telis
something of this:- 'I drove my old Austin up to
Wyoming in the summer of 1940 to work for the
livestock company again. As I recall Cullen, my
younger brother, Warren Tanner and Gus Keele
went with me to work on the ranch. Cullen,

Warren and Gus were all pretty good sized and I,
of course, had then reached a pretty mature stature
myself, although I think I was smaller than the
others, When we finished our work on the ranch
that fall we went up to Yellowstone Park. We had
no place to stay and we spent one of the coldest
nights lever recall, all four of us trying to sleep
in that little old Austin, But we had a nice trip. :
nevertheless. Idon't remember how much money
we were able to save from the work up there but.
it was not a great deal, though it did help a little
getting started in school again."

Cullen attended BYU that winter. Daryl.
married Richard Hamilton Sparks that same
winter. After his two years at BYU Cullen went
back to Washington D.C. and studied law at the
George Washington University. To make his way
he was also employed by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation in its Washington office.,. Here he
remained from the fall of 1941 until Aug. 1944,
when he was drafted inte the army, since. World
War liwas on. He trained first in Texas and then.
Maryland and became a special agent in the U.S...
Army Counter Intelligence Corps (CIC). He was
sent to serve in Japan but arrived there just as
the war ended in 1945. However, he remained
in Japan with the forces of occupation until 1946.

Meanwhile, Daryl was having marital prob-
lems and was in the process of securing a separation
<span id="page-??"></span>
Cullen Yates 922

from her husband, One day she ran across Cullen's
sister Norma on the street and, stopping to inquire
about Cullen, learned that he was on his way home,
She said casually, 'Tell him to look me up when he
comes - I'd love to see him.'' And look her up he
did and their friendship of high school days was
soon renewed,

Cullen and Daryl Aldene Stewart (Sparks)
were married 23 Oct, 1946 at her parents' home
in Provo. Cullen's father performed the cere-
mony in the presence of members of the two
families, Cullen comments on this:- ''The only
time I can ever recall Dad being flustered was
when he was performing the marriage ceremony
for Daryl and me. He kept getting his notes
turned upside down, What a precious moment to
remember !'' A wedding dinner was given later in
honor of the bride and groom at a party house in
Orem, with members of both families present.
Daryl was an only child, having been born 16 Oct.
1921 in Salt Lake City, Utah to Allen Glover and
Martha Ellison Stewart. She had two sons by her
first husband: Richard, almost five at the time of
this second marriage, and Robert, two and a half.
Cullen adopted these two boys soon after and they
took the Christensen name.

Immediately after their marriage the couple
left for Washington D. C. where Cullen resumed
his study of law at George Washington University
as well as his poSition in the office of the F. B.I.

It was arranged that after they were duly settled
there, his sister Norma would fly back with the
two little boys. And this Norma did - and she tells
about it:- "A most promising opportunity appeared
on the horizon when Cullen and Daryl accepted my
offer to fly back to Washington D. C. with their
two boys. I planned to work for a while in the
nation's capitol, at least until my sweetheart,
Reed, was out of the army and we could make
more realistic plans for the future. For a final
outing of skiing prior to my leaving, I borrowed
some ill-fitting boots which literally became my
downfall. On an innocent-appearing slope my
inside runner dug in and I found myself cart-
wheeling into a snowy heap, my right leg twisted
<span id="page-??"></span>
923 Cullen Yates

into an odd and painful position. . . Later, witha
walker heel attached to my cast, Iwas able to walk.

"Our flight to Washington was a.chore, to
put it mildly, beginning at 2:30 a.m, 18 Feb. 1947.
However, the most difficult part came after we
arrived, In my 'unhandy' condition we were the
last ones off the plane, thereby missing Cullen's
page for us over the loud speaker, Having received
no response, Cullen. and Daryl checked the time of
arrival of the next flight and spent the interval
gaily window shopping, having lunch, etc. Mean-
while, back at the terminal we were experiencing
almost complete despair. My efforts to make con-
tact by phone were of course fruitless and the boys
were so tired from our almost sleepless night that
they were completely unmanageable. Finally, after
what seemed like an eternity and to my indescrib-
able relief, the parents of my charges appeared,
Whew! That was my somewhat unpleasant intro-
duction to five fabulous months in Washington D.C.,
the first four weeks of which were spent housebound
with my newest sister-in-law, because of my cast.
But this provided us an opportunity to get acquainted
and in no time at all I became convinced that my
brother Cullen was the luckiest man I knew."

Cullen graduated from George Washington
University Law School with an.LLB degree in 1948
and the family returned to Provo, Utah. He was
admitted to the Utah State Bar in 1949 and joined
his father and two older brothers in their law firm
there. He has been a practicing attorney since
that time to the present in Provo, with the excep-
tion of a period (1951-52) spent again as special
agent, U.S. Army Counter Intelligence Corps,
during the Korean War.

Daryl and Cullen eventually built a beautiful
home on Canyon Road in North Provo where they °
reside, They both find time to play golf and Cullen
to go fishing and hunting. Attending conventions
all over the country is also a part of their life
together, for Cullen has served as president of
a number of local civic clubs and organizations
as well as president of the Utah State Bar, He
sought his first political office in this last presi-
dential election (1968) when he ran as a candidate
<span id="page-??"></span>
Cullen Yates 924

for Judge of the Fourth Judicial District - but he
was defeated. Among a few of the credentials
listed on his campaign literature were these: -
‘Current President of Utah State Bar Association;
Utah County Bar Association (past president);
American Bar Association; American College of
Probate Counsel (Utah State Chairman); Provo
Rotary Club (past president); Past President Provo
'Jaycees; Provo Chamber of Commerce (Past
Director); Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
Provo; Utah Valley Opera Association (Past
Director); Past President of Riverside Country
Club; Member of LDS Church.

Fundamentally, the processes of the law
mean a great deal to Cullen and he came by this
naturally, since it was sorta "born and bred in
him!'' as it were. I remember hearing of the time
when he was taking his first turns at driving the
family car. He was driving Father home from
Salt Lake City late one night. They were alone
-and Father was in the back seat, presumably
asleep. Cullen began speeding and the siren of an
alert highway patrolman made him well aware of
it. He pulled off the highway and slowed to a stop
and the patrolman was soon questioning him rather
bruskly. Cullen squirmed under his gaze and
glanced hopefully in Father's direction but the
older man never moved or spoke, Cullen was on
his own with his accuser and Father allowed him
to suffer the full impact of breaking the law.

Yes, Cullen learned first hand to respect the
law by counsel and example, for his father believed
in and lived it to the fullest. Cullen writes of him
in this regard:- ''While my association with Dad
at the office was not nearly long enough, I know
he was a great lawyer. Older members of the
Bar still comment on his integrity and hard work.
The law was really his life. Perhaps so much so
that in his declining years he was unable to find
real interest in anything else. Near the end, I can
still see him sitting at his desk, moving papers
around, and acting like an old war horse who would
like to do battle just one more time."'

Descendants of Cullen Yates and Daryl Aldene
Stewart Christensen: -
<span id="page-??"></span>
925 Tresia Clark

(A) Richard Hamilton Christensen born 17 Nov.
1941 in Alhambra, Calif.

(B) Robert Allen Christensen born 17 Apr. 1943
in Provo, Utah; md. 23 Mar. 1968 in Provo,
Karalee Heiner (b. 4 Apr, 1944 in Rock Springs,
Wyoming to Max Reynold and Alice Jean Ander-
son Heiner). Child:-

I. Todd Christensen b, 24 Sep. 1968, San
Francisco, Calif,

(59) Tresia Clark (9} was born 28 May 1922
in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. Her birth took place
on her uncle Albert Christensen's ranch a mile or
so west of town in the small farmhouse there,
since her father was then serving as foreman on
the ranch.

Tresia writes about herself:- 'A few months
after my birth in Gunnison our family moved to
Goshen, Utah to live. It was here I started school
when I became of age. In early spring of my_
second year of school we moved to Santaquin, Utah
where Father had bought a lot of the southwest
corner of a block there and at first we rented a
house on the southeast corner of that same block
until Dad had enough of our house finished on our
new lot to move in. Here we only had lanterns to
see by at nights for some weeks and I remember
how wonderful it seemed when we got electricity
into the house. I also remember spending hours
and hours moving rocks from the ground before
Dad could plant our garden. co

"JT finished the ninth grade of school in
Santaquin and then started high school in Payson, ©
traveling back and forth by school bus. But I
dropped out of school before Christmas of that
year. I remember Uncle Albert Christensen took
me over to his home in Orem during the Christmas
vacation and talked to me about how important an
education was. At the time I half promised to
return to school the beginning of the new year an
but I never did. 4 7

"On Easter Sunday, the next spring, my
oldest sister, Vera, was married (1938). Iwas
<span id="page-??"></span>
Tresia Clark 926

with a group of young friends in a car when we had
a terrible accident. A drunk, driving another car,
ran into us. My sister Alta was among those in ‘the
back seat but was not seriously injured, as some.
of the othersofuswere. Iwas sitting in the front
seat and was badly injured and not expected to live
for about a week. My face was cut almost from
ear to ear and other damage. Iwas unconscious
for quite a period. When I first saw my father,
after regaining consciousness, I told him that I
was concerned that he and Mother had not been to
the:Temple to be sealed for eternity.. This seemed
to have been constantly on my mind after the acci-
dent, Irecalled Mother worrying about my sisters
Vera and Alta turning eighteen before she and Dad
got around to having us children sealed to them. i I
exacted a promise from Dad at that time that.he..
would prepare to have his and Mother's temple
work done befo re my eighteenth birthday.

Lewis “My parents did. ‘prepare, ‘themselves and
were permitted to go to the House. of, the. Lord. An.
Manti and have their. temple work. done. : and us ~
younger children sealed to them the very day. before
my eighteenth birthday, 27 Mar. 1940. .1 know-how
happy they. will be when all of their children are .«
sealed to them and we can all look forward to being
together:in the world where they have.gone, They
made many sacrifices for.us; the least we.can do.
now for them is to prepare ourselves. by righteous
Hving to join them as a family in the eternity.

‘In 1940 I started a course under Margaret.
P. Maw at the Provo School of Beauty Cultute and
graduated from there 15 Dec, 1941... J.worked for
a year as a’ beautician in Fillmore, Utah and then.
for a time in Helper, | Utah.. {f-also did the same
kind of work in Murray, Utah. after my marriage, )
Ilater went to Salt Lake City and worked in a war
plant (radio tube plant). - - 8

'It was while working in Salt Lake City that
I met my future husband, Max Andrew Rosenlund
(b. 20 Mar. 1926 in Fairview, Utah to Paul Andrew
and Annie Darthea Peterson Rosenlund),

"Max and I first met in February of 1945 and
were married the following October 23rd in
<span id="page-??"></span>
927 Tresia Clark

Evanston, Wyoming, where my parents had been
married, We lived in Murray, Utah for a number
of years and then bought our present home at 6871
Springbrook Way in Salt Lake City. We have had
two sons and three daughters and’are so grateful
for each of them. We also had my sister Alta's
son Terry in our home for several years until he
went into the service. Max and I went through the
Salt Lake Temple and had our five children sealed
to us, 10 Dec. 1960.

"Tl started working at the Mode O'Day factory

in 1944 and am working there at the present time.

I have worked off and on all during my married life.
My husband Max and our eldest son, Wayne, and I
have gone into the part-time business of upholster-
‘ing and we are doing quite well. We recently built
the booths for the Oakridge Country Club. Max
built the booths, Wayne did the upholstering and I.
did the sewing. It was a beautiful job, if Ido. say
so, and we have had a number of calls from other
interested parties and have a couple of jobs to bid
«on now, My favorite hobby, besides my ‘family
and the church, is sewing. At present we are >
repainting and refurnishing our home. and I have
been making new bedroom drapes and also new.
ones for the kitchen, »

"IT have been a Sunday School teacher for the
past eight or nine years. We now live in the ~~
Butler 5th Ward, Butler Stake, Jam very.anxious
to get started on my genealogy. Idon't know. the’
first thing about this work but I'm determined to:
learn. Our oldest daughter Karen attended BYU.
at Provo this past school year and took classes in
this subject. She too is interested in genealogy
and perhaps together we can do something about, .
our own. My main desire in life is to stay close’
to the church, live by its teachings, and raise |
righteous children,.'! J

Descendants of Tresia Clark and Max Albert
Rosenlund:-

(A) Wayne Max Rosenlund born 4 Aug. 1946 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 2 Oct. 1965 in Salt
Lake City, Joy Evette Borg (b. 13 Oct, 1949 in
Salt Lake City to Chirrel and Ruth Afton
<span id="page-??"></span>
Tresia Clark 928

Peterson Borg). Children:-
I, DeWayne Max Rosenlund b. 21 Apr. 1966 |
in Murray, Utah (Cottonwood Hospital).
ll. Shauna Jean Rosenlund. b. 6 July 1968
in Murray.

(B) Boyd Clark Rosenlund born 2 Dec, 1947 in Salt
Lake City; md. 23 June 1967 in Salt Lake City,
Colleen Faye Fitzgerald (b. 18 June 1949 in Salt
Lake City to Ralph and Faye Ferguson Fitz-
gerald), Child:-

I. Sheila Shantel Rosenlund b. 27 Mar. 1968,
Murray, Utah.

(C) Karen Rosenlund born 23 Jan. 1950 in Salt
Lake City, Utah.

(D) Paula Rosenlund born 27 June 1955 in Murray,
Utah.

(E) Patricia Rosenlund born 3 Nov. 1956 in Salt
Lake City, Utah.

(60) Marjorie Christensen (7) was born 6 Aug.
1922 in Evanston, Wyoming. It was in Lyman,
Wyoming, however, where she spent most of her
early life. It was here that she was baptized a
member of the LDS church; here that she later
taught in the Primary organization and where she
acted as Sunday School Organist. .

It was in Lyman also that she attended school.
While at Lyman High School, from which she later
graduated, she took typing, among other subjects,
and became very efficient in it. In tests she estab-
lished what was said to be a world's record of 120
words per minute on a manual typewriter. She
went to Provo, Utah to compete with other students
from several states, During the first part of this
test she found she had typed some with her fingers
on the wrong keys so she quit typing. She probably
could have won if she had started the test all over
again since the winner made only 60 words per
minute, 7

Like her older sisters Marjorie not only

became a fine typist but an excellent pianist and
singer as well, In 1940 she and her sister Alice
<span id="page-??"></span>
929 Marjorie Christensen

went to Ogden, Utah and lived for a time with their
married sister LaFaun (then Slagowski). Here
they obtained a spot on KLO Radio singing duets
daily under the label 'Alice & Marj" - and they
were very well liked. Then Alice received an
offer as a full time piano player in Ely, Nevada,
so Marjorie went there with her.

It was in Ely that Marjorie met her future
husband, Mart Eugene Strouse (b. 27 Feb. 1920
in Malad, Idaho to John Lawrence and Amelia
Goddard Strouse). The two went to Evanston,
Wyoming to be married, 14 Mar. 1941, with both
of their fathers and mothers being present at the
civil ceremony. The couple settled first in Ruth,
Nevada but later moved to what was known as
'"New'! Ruth, Nevada. Here the husband ''Gene'!
became a supervisor at Kennecott Copper mine
and has been such for many years, They had two
children, a boy and a girl.

As is sometimes the case, heartaches come
with raising a family, Their son Eugene died on
the school grounds at "Old" Ruth, Nevada at age
thirteen, supposedly of a heart attack. Their
daughter, who married a cameraman at a TV
studio in Los Angeles, was disappointed in her
marriage and returned to her parents' home before
the birth of her first child, She later married
happily, however.

Marjorie, tall, slender, talented, “and with a
sweet personality and happy disposition, welcomed
her parents into her home about a year before the
death of her mother. In fact it was in her home in
Ruth, Nevada that her mother passed away, Nov.
1952. She remembers asa youngster in Lyman,
Wyoming her father chording on the guitar and
singing. ''Father had the best bass voice lever
heard, He sang solos in church and at church
parties and always wished that he had received
more special vocal training."

‘Marjorie worked on a few occasions after
her marriage. When her daughter, Barbara, was
in eighth or ninth grade she worked for a year at
nearby Ely, typing and selling sheet music and
records in a music store, Her last job was typing
<span id="page-??"></span>
Marjorie Christensen 930

for the Red Cross in Ruth for a year’or two. But
mostly she has concentrated her time and energy
in being "just a housewife",

In late autumn of 1967 in her home in Ruth,
Nevada she was accidently shot in the face. She
says she remembers nothing about the incident
until she came to in the hospital. This has nec-
essitated a number of subsequent trips to the LDS
Hospital in Salt Lake City for plastic surgery and
will perhaps mean others later, We wonder at
times why trouble such as this should happen to
so sweet a person. We do not know the answer.
Only an all-seeing Providence knows the whys and
wherefores of such things. Yet we know that
trouble and sorrow have a place in our earthly |
lives and that such experiences must somehow be
schoolings to give wisdom and strength and that
rich blessings will follow if we learn the needed
lessons - like a glorious rainbow ofttimes follows
a furious storm.

' Descendants of ‘Marjorie Christensen and
Mart Eugene Strouse:-

(A) Lawrence. Eugene ‘Strouse 1 born 27 Feb. 1942
in, Ely, Nevada;. died 19 Apr.c 1955.in Ruth,
, Nevada; buried. 22. Apr. 1955 i in, 1 Evanston,
Wyoming..

(B) Barbara Strouse born 9 June’ 1944 in : Bly, .
Nevada; md,.(1) 1964 in Los Angeles, Calif.,
Robert | Arrington; divorced; md (2) 4 Mar. 1966
dn Elko, Nevada, Eugene Cullins (b. 12 June
1927 in Los Angeles, Calif, to Bill and Anita
Deamas Cullins), Children of Barbara Strouse
' and Eugene Cullins:-
I. Robert Eugene (Arrington) Cullins b. 22
Mar, 1965 in Ely, Nevada
Il, Marilyn Cullins b. 14 Mar. 1968, Ely,
Nevada,

(61) Mabel Norma Christensen (4) writes her
own history:- "I was ushered into this world, I'm
told, in the midst of a rain and wind storm on the
morning of Friday 13 Apr. 1923, in the family
home at Manti, Sanpete, Utah, the seventh child
<span id="page-??"></span>
931 Mabel Norma

of my father and the second of my mother. Ihave
few recollections of living in Manti however, since
we moved to Provo when I was nearing two-and-a-
half. Less than a year later we moved to Orem,
Utah and lived on an 83 acre farm which became
home to me during the rest of my growing-up years.

"Climbing up the steep, dark basement steps
on my first visit to that home in Orem still clings
to my memory. Other features that were to
influence our daily lives were the outdoor toilet a
considerable distance from the house down by the
chicken coops; the water pump just a few feet from
the back porch from which all our culinary water
was obtained, and damp cloths over perishable
food placed in the open kitchen window as a means
of refrigeration. But despite what seems to be
primitive conditions to us today, I remember no
feelings of frustration for lack of conveniences,
except when the roosters would chase -me on my
desperate dash to what I called the 'lugly tote'.

"My sister Kathryn's arrival was a joyous
occasion, but during mother's stay in the hospital
the news arrived that her sister Ida had been. killed.
Her home was right across the street from ours in
Manti. The fall after Kathryn's birth I started
school at the Spencer Elementary, thoroughly
primed by both Father and Mother as to the
importance of an education, Though I didn't
always feel the need of bringing home a straight
‘A' report card, yet Ican never remember béing
flippant about the grades I received.

"As the middle of my second grade year
came it was suggested to my parents that I, along
with three others, be promoted to third grade then
and there, In spite of brother Phil's special tri
home from the U of U to try and prevent this, (he
knew of what he spoke, having had three special —
promotions himself) I found myself in the world —
of third graders, But often the emotional maturity
ofa child is not sufficient to cope with such social
changes, and looking back I find that I was a prime
example, It seems I was always at odds with my
friends and ended up playing with youngsters
either younger or older,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 932

"School work I usually enjoyed and seldom
encountered much difficulty with it, except when
it came to creative writing. An experience that
happened in Mr. Cordner's seventh grade English
class provided me with the greatest object lesson
in honesty that I can remember, We had each
been assigned to write a story, the best of which
was to receive a prize, I made several attempts
but each one ended in complete failure. Finally in
desperation I solicited Mother's help on the last
night before the assignment was due. She agreed
to help me but as the hour drew late, sent me off
to bed, promising to assist me next morning. I
awakened to find a very sweet story she had written
available for me to copy. But time was short and
the story long so I handed it in in Mother's hand-
writing. Ireally was feeling shabby about the
whole thing when I was called up front to receive
a fine Eversharp pencil for winning the story
contest, Iwas appalled - and literally hated the
sight of that pencil, and managed to lose it as soon
as possible,

"That summer Father bought a house trailer
and he and Mother, Cullen, Kathryn and I set out
on atrek across the country. First we visited
Mother's brother, Uncle Yates Farnsworth and
family in California where the ocean breezes gave
me such a stiff neck it was painful to move for
weeks, But there we had a most delightful intro-
duction to ocean swimming, sunbathing - and to
10¢ malts, Ialso acquired a gorgeous sunburn
and went 'peeling' across the country. From
California we journeyed the southern route to
Washington D, C. to meet Phil, who was there
attending school and working. From here we went
to New York, Chicago, and home. We visited
twenty-four states, Canada and Mexico. Cullen
was just learning to drive and spent many hours at
the wheel in utter joy. One of the most remarkable
things about that trip was that we children hardly
quarreled at all.

"T have some definite impressions of our
family life during my growing up years. First of
all there was no doubt in any of our minds as to
who was the head of the family. We all recognized
<span id="page-??"></span>
933 Mabel Norma

in Father a man of impeccable honesty and moral
character, a person of great determination and
courage. He was a man whose decisions we
learned not to question, whose stern rebukes
were more effective than a physical whipping
from Mother or anyone else. But we also knew
him as a man capable of a deep love and concern
for his family, one who had endured heartbreak
and sorrow in the loss of his first wife and a son,
one who had weathered crippling financial disasters
but who could still hold his head high in the know-
ledge that his word was his bond and that with the
gift of life came the obligation to live it to the
fullest. — .

"T have always felt.that mine was a strict
moral upbringing rather than a religious one,
Though we children attended church as the thing
to do, Father's Sundays were spent working at
the office, and Mother's to a large extent at home
trying to catch up on her endless duties while we
children were away. As my studies became more
demanding I found Father's office an excellent
place to work. and my attendance at church became
less and less frequent. But as my church associa-
tion decreased I seemed to replace it to an extent
with a very happy association with Father. In
addition to many Sunday trips to the office, Iwas
often permitted to accompany him on short business
trips throughout the state. His love for life, of the
law, his strong political beliefs, his curiosity con-
cerning the world about him, his love of and pride
in his family - all these I felt honored to share; and
through this close association I came to know that
I could never dishonor this great man and continue
to live with my conscience,

"Growing up on a farm ina fruit raising com-
munity provided plenty of opportunity for hard
physical work, and that became very much a part
of my summer routine, Many were the days I.
spent in our strawberry patch from dawn until
evening, or packing cherries or sorting peaches; |
and many were the nights I can remember that _
Mother's head never touched the pillow, but in
the morning tables and counters of jars filled with
freshly canned fruit were ample te stimony to her
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 934

previous day's and night's activities. These were
the depression years, uo

"Not long after brother Hale's death I remem-
ber bathroom and kitchen facilities being installed
in our house along with a wonderful fireplace; but
several years passed before we enjoyed the luxury
of a refrigerator. Asking Father for money was a
painful experience for both of us, especially if it
was for something he considered a 'frivolity'. So
by the time I was in high school I managed to earn
enough money to buy most of my own clothes,
However, if we needed money for something Father
considered worthwhile, such as furthering our
education or developing our talents, the money was
made available somehow. Many a dollar went down
the drain in a vain effort to teach me how to play
the piano. But needless to say, my regrets were
great and the pangs particularly sharp on occasions
such as our family Christmas parties when everyone
was supposed to perform.

'In the spring of 1940 I graduated from Lincoln
High School, having just turned seventeen. As
Cullen had done the year previous, I delivered the
valedictorian address. To my delight I got a job
in the booth selling tickets, etc., for SCERA |
swimming pool at 12$¢ per hour and I felt that my
days as ‘official berry picker' were over, Not
that they hadn't been good days, for 1 remember
dashing home from the berry patch or whatever,
getting cleaned up and dashing off to play ball until
dark, after which I would either spend my night at
the ticket office for the SCERA theatre or enjoy the
current movie. Our ball team was terrific and we
were Sharon Stake champions for a number of years.

"Boys had definitely become an item in my
life by this time but the only fly in the ointment was
curing them of their fear of Father. On this parti-
cular subject he and I had great difficulty. I got
some comfort out of my sister Elaine's tales on the
same subject. Father later very aptly described
his attitude toward his daughters' boy friends when
he said that he had chosen to adopt the English
approach to the law in this situation by assuming
them to be guilty until proven innocent, Needless
to say, many young man's enthusiasm cooled under

<span id="page-??"></span>
935 Mabel Norma

this icy treatment and even those who survived
that ordeal never felt quite at ease in our home.
This was a situation I vowed I would ease if I
ever had a home of my own,

"T experienced a rude awakening in my transi-
tion from a 'mighty high school senior' in a small
town to a lowly freshman at BYU. The summer
after my freshman year Father, Elaine and I
accompanied my future sister-in-law, Gwen, to
New Orleans, where she and Phil were married.
That trip was really alark, Even my knocking a
cow over on a lonely Louisiana highway didn't
dampen our spirits much, since poor Bossy was
able to struggle to her feet again and merely gave
us a resentful stare. Elaine's keepsakes to take
back to her children were hilarious, I still
remember her lowering a bottle on a string down
into the Mississippi River for some real muddy
Mississippi water and her chipping off some stone
from a tomb to show and tell, .

"The Pearl Harbor attack the next December
started many decided changes in our lives. Both
Phil and Cullen were frozen to their jobs with the
F,B.I, and the following summer I started working
for the military at Fort Douglas. I loved my new-
found independence, I had never been happier.
Every day was a new adventure, Sometime during
that period I received my patriarchal blessing in
which I was counseled to return to school and
finish my education, So when Father also. started
urging my return I agreed to enroll spring quarter,
1943. It was hard to settle down to studying at BYU
again and I missed my friends and activities in Salt
Lake City. In answer to my pleas to return to the
University of Utah the next fall, Father agreed on
condition that I help him in the office that summer,
since he had lost his good secretary and was in
desperate need. That was a bargain! :

''Poor Dad! My stenographic training con-
sisted of three quarters of shorthand and one of
typing. But his patience was endless, and working
with him that summer was truly a wonderful exper-
ience. I came to love and enjoy him as a real
friend as well as a father. I began to see what a
great man he really was. I couldn't believe his
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 936

capacity for work! Alone, with only a second-rate
typist to assist, he managed to serve innumerable
clients, with his main object being primarily to
hold the law firm together until his partner sons

_ could return and share the load - and the business,
_ At the age of 72 he was putting in enough hours for
two men, That summer became a very precious
memory to me, and surprisingly provided me with
enough legal stenographic training to bluff my way
later into two excellent jobs - one in the legal
division of the State Tax Commission and the other
as secretary to the Legal Counselor for the Public
Works Committee of the United States Senate in
Washington D. C.

"When I enrolled at the University of Utah
that fall it was like going home. I rented a room
at the home of my speech teacher, Mary J.
Webster, 222 South 13th East, Living at the
Webster's was absolutely ideal. School was but a
block away, kitchen privileges were available, the
rooms were pleasant, and the Websters were the
kindest and most considerate people alive. They
had rented their rooms in the absence of three sons
who were in the armed forces, Their oldest, John,
had been missing since the previous February and
was presumed dead. Ted was serving in Africa
and Italy, Their youngest son, Reed, was on the
front in Germany. These worried parents seemed
to greatly appreciate our company in their loneli-
ness and literally made their home our home, With
the exception of six weeks, this truly was my home
for the next two-and-a-half years,

"In the middle of April of my Senior year, word
was received that the youngest Webster boy had been
wounded in action, and on May 8th the war ended in
Europe, I passed my comprehensive examination,
gave my oral recital on Ernie Pyle, graduated with
high honors, and came to worship my old, fat his-
tory professor, Dr, Creer. I would gladly have
been his slave but instead, he hired me to correct
papers and do stenographic work for which I received
a modest wage. Graduation found me more eager
than ever to remain in school; so, with a part time
job in the History Department, I signed up for six
weeks of summer school asa start ona Master’ s
<span id="page-??"></span>
937 Mabel Norma
degree in History.

"Toward the end of June I returned to my
room. one day to discover that the Webster Charm
School (as we called the upstairs area, occupied
solely by girls and long forbidden to the opposite
sex) had been invaded by a boy - a man.--well, a
male! There he was, busily vacuuming the floor
of the east bedroom with one hand, the other ina
cast from the tips of the fingers to the shoulder,
“IT had caught my first glimpse of Reed Webster, in
the flesh that is since I had often seenthe picture
of him and his girl friend from Buffalo that stood
on the piano in the Webster living room. There ~
may be no such thing as ‘love at first sight' but
let me attest to the fact that there can be instant
attraction, I thought he looked very interesting
and extremely heroic in that cast. But thenI |
quickly jarred myself back to the reality that he |
was taken and that I had been asked to vacate my.
room in August so that the young lady from Buffalo
could come and visit,

"Reed was temporarily stationed at Bushnell
General Hospital for the first. few of many opera-
‘tions necessary to regain maximum use ofhis’ ~
badly.shattered right hand and arm. During the
next few weeks his periodic appearance on the.
scene set in motion an absolute flurry of fun and -
excitement; picnics, canyon parties, beach parties
and house parties were continually in progress,
and I was often included as Reed's partner. Now
the lower reaches of the Webster house, affectionately
called the 'Ratskellar', rocked with the rumble of
-masculine voices and laughter.

"It was with real regret that I headed back | to
Orem the first of August. The next two months
owas a period of frustration for me. .The latter
‘part.of September came at last and I-returned to
Salt Lake most gratefully. Upon entering the:
familiar Webster front room, Iwas struck by the
absence of a certain picture. It was with«reak:.
interest that, 1 learned from my roomies that the.
young lady's visit had only served to convince Reed
that his foimies army interests really didn't fit’ |
“into his home environment, He and the girl from
Buffalo had completely severed their connections,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 938

Why was Iso pleased? After all, Iwas only one
among many of his feminine admirers, as evidenced
by the numerous phone calls and visits from mem-
bers of my sex who were definitely not relatives,

"Though I registered again for graduate work
my enthusiasm for further scholastic pursuits
dwindled. So I took 'incompletes' in my classes
and joined the ranks of the employed. It was fun
to have my evenings free for fun. I got a job in the
president's office at the U of U. Every girl should
have the experience of living with a group of girls
such as I did, and a whole book could be written of
the times we had - and in fact one was started by
two of the girls and appropriately titled 'I Speak
For the Bathtub’.

"Meanwhile, my attraction to young Webster
was completely frustrating to me. In his presence
I felt stupid and speechless, and I knew he con-
sidered me an easy conquest. Iwas too handy for
him. More often than not his 'dates' consisted of
a call up the stairway with an invitation to leave
shortly for a hastily arranged beach or canyon
party. But when I discovered that the girl he took
to formal parties was not me, but one of his over-
eager sorority friends, I plotted by revenge. He
would. be cut off my list, and the next time he
issued his last-minute invitation I'd tell him to
go sit in the sand.

'The chill from upstairs no doubt drifted
down to the lower levels, for Reed began to send
out 'peace feelers', Soon my wounded pride was
soothed and my self respect restored - Iwas ready
to continue this game of cat and mouse with this
Webster 'playboy'. By no means did either of us
entertain the idea of going steady, On every fur-
lough he continued to cut a mighty swath among the
local damsels while I managed to provide him with
sufficient competition with an ever-increasing num-
ber of young men - most of them recently returned
from the service,

'The spring of 1946 Reed completely erased
my former resentments of his ways of dating me
by inviting me to the Military Ball at the University
of Utah. It had been years since I had attended a
<span id="page-??"></span>
939 Mabel Norma

formal dance - Iwas so thrilled! By then Iwas
serving as secretary to Colonel Black in the ROTC.
I went shopping for the prettiest gown in town - and
I found it! It was the most glamorous thing I had
ever seen - a gorgeous, off-white creation of
Grecian design, which made me feel as elegant as
a queen, The amount in my purse was less than
half enough to buy it but that dress simply had to
be mine!

"Somehow the money was found, And as 1
descended the stairway on the big night, the look
in Reed's eyes told me that the gown was worth
every. penny - every 7,500 of them in fact! Follow-
ing a most perfect premiere (the fact that an exact
duplicate appeared on the wife of one of the com-
manding officers failed to dampen its happy
influence) that little dress was worn many, many
times by me, by all of my tall roommates, by my
lovely niece, Donna Southwick, when she was
crowned Days of '47 Queen, and even by my gor-.
geous sister-in-law Daryl. It was one formal
dress that literally wore out, and because of the
pleasure and service it brought to so many it
became one of my most worthwhile investments,"

When Reed went away for his various opera-
tions he never corresponded with Norma, which
left her in doubt of the sincerity of his interest in
her and turned her thoughts and consideration to
other available young men, There was among
them a tall, handsome airforce Captain and
former all-American basketball player from West
Point, named ''Suitcase'' Simpson, and there was
Harry, a studious medical student whose sterling
qualities were beyond reproach. Simpson, how-
ever, was killed in an airplane crash while
attempting a landing at Washington D. C. before
he could continue his courtship, But Harry pro-
posed and Norma begged for time to consider. As
she came home from that proposal, Reed met her
and, fully aware of his competition, asked her to
go for a ride with him,

Norma writes of this:- 'I could think of no
means of escape. A short distance from the spot
where Harry had proposed not more than an hour
before, Reed parked and, in the sweetest and for
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 940

him unbelievable humility, begged that I give him
a chance to prove his worthiness of me, Gone was
the arrogant, devil-may-care attitude, the fast
talk, the wise cracks, the big time show. There
before me,. stripped entirely of his defenses, was
a young man whose face had not entirely escaped
the ravages of the past two years of pain but still
reflected the hope, the ambition, the tenderness of
someone truly in love. Here was the person I
wanted to believe existed but of whom I had caught
but a few fleeting glimpses, He talked of the two
or three remaining operations and the years of
college ahead of him before he could earn an accept-
able living. But he pledged his life, his strength,
his ambitions to the ultimate purpose of making me
happy. ‘Other men may be able to give you more
of the material things than I', he said, 'but no one
else in the whole world could love you as much as
Ido.' I said, 'Go away and leave me alone and in
two weeks I'll give you my decision, for I can't
decide now."

Reed went back to the army and Harry
remained at a respectable distance, but it didn't
take Norma two weeks to decide, On 31 Oct, 1946
the following telegram was delivered to S/Sgt Reed
J. Webster, 39910794, McCormack General Hos-
pital, Pasadena, Calif.: 'Two weeks unnecessary
to know Tlove you always. Chris." So Harry
faded out of the picture,

Norma went back to Washington D, C. and
stayed with her brother Cullen and family and
worked, It was while here that the couple became
engaged and Norma writes of this and of their
wedding later:- ''While spending a quiet evening at
home, Cullen, Daryl and the boys having gone on
a picnic, we became officially engaged as Reed
placed a lovely diamond ring on my finger. We
both laughed as he described his journey down to
Orem to obtain my parents!’ consent. He said he
knew it sounded ridiculous but he had felt at the
time that he should get down on his knees and beg
Dad for my hand. To his relief the greeting had
been warm and permission granted without any
reservations, Mother of course had kissed him
and welcomed him as her future son-in-law, We
<span id="page-??"></span>
941 Mabel Norma
set our wedding date for September 20th,

"Sherman and Lois kindly consented to having
the marriage ceremony in their home:at Provo,
and Father agreed to perform the rites ~- it seemed
most fitting that Father, as the patriarch of our
family and a champion of the law, be the person
before whom we pledged to love and serve each.
other throughout our lives, Thus in a sweet and
simple home ceremony the evening of 20 Sep. 1947,
Reed and I became man and wife, with just a few
members of the family present, Reed's brother
Ted was best man and my dear roommate Dell, a
bride of only four months herself, was my matron
of honor, The strength of the family name I was
now exchanging for another had been a gift to me
that I was beginning to appreciate more each day.
It had been a force in my life from which I rebelled
at times but which had served to protect and help
me whenever I was in need, Iwas now so grateful
to be a member of the Christensen family.

"And Iwas, and am, grateful for my maternal
background, In Mother I had witnessed a conquest
of self far beyond my capability.. Hers was an
equally strong influence in my life, but in its
subtlety went unrecognized for many years. Hers
was atruly religious soul, in its self denial - its
unending love and compassion for the downtrodden,
in its willingness to accept the good wherever she
found it. I can think of very few instances in my
life when Mother's needs and desires were not.
considered least - and last. From the toil, the
struggle with the poverty of the depression years,
the concern for family before herself, the leve she
had for family, relatives, friends and neighbors,
there emerged a person who is the object of love
wherever she goes, No community or neighborhood
in which she has dwelt has remained untouched by
her kindness and goodness, 7 :

"Even today, at age 84, almost blind sind
very halt, she receives a steady stream of little —
visitors who love to be with her and affectionately
‘call her 'Grandma’. Letters.arrive from all
sections of the country expressing love and appre-
ciation for her. Her soul has reached out beyond
her failing body to embrace and comfort and love
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 942

the people and beauties of nature about her. In her
example the teachings of true Christianity come
alive, She has a flair for writing but through the
years of toil she has been unable to devote much
time to it and in later years seems to have lost
the desire. Unfortunately, this eldest daughter
has been careless through the years of many
written treasures given by her to me in deepest
love. But may I ever cherish the more intangible
and deeply significant gifts that are mine because
of her.

"Two 'wonderful' years were years of making
quite difficult adjustments. First of all, the time
had come when I had to try to learn how to cook,
For someone who had never prepared a complete
meal, this was no small thing. The results of my
efforts were very obvious by Christmas time and
not entirely commendable - Reed had acquired
twenty pounds and five enormous canker sores,"'

Reed Johnson Webster was born 9 Aug, 1923
in Cedar City, Utah, the son of John Urie and Mary
Elizabeth Johnson Webster. Since the history of
Reed's maturing years is more or less a history
of his married life with Norma and their joint
accomplishments, we include excerpts from this
as follows:

"T believe my first real association with God
came on the battlefields of Germany during World
War II. Though I had come from a good Mormon
home, I had drifted away from activity in the
church at about fourteen years of age. I had taken
with me, however, the knowledge that there was
a God, and as I witnessed the death and destruction
around me, I felt a close association with him. I
talked with him often, and though I felt most
unworthy I never doubted his presence. Proof of
his nearness came to me in a special way on the
morning of April 10, 1945. In an early morning
attack, as I was running along a railroad track,

a shell from a German M-88 shattered my rifle,

my right hand and forearm, and knocked me several
feet across the track. I was momentarily stunned,
but when my eyes fell upon the gaping wound in my
arm I immediately jumped up and ran back looking
for a medic to dress my wound, Five inches of the
<span id="page-??"></span>
943 Mabel Norma

large bone in my right forearm had been blown
completely away, as well as one finger and the
ends of three others.

'tAs I reached the first-aid station, which
occupied a factory building that had been captured
just that morning, I discovered that a German
doctor had also been taken prisoner an hour or
two before. He volunteered his services, and
within ten minutes from the time I was wounded a
skilled medical man was working on my arm, tying
off the bleeders, cleaning out the wound, applying
a traction splint, and administering pain-killing
drugs. There is no doubt in my mind that this
man saved my right arm, I couldn't help feeling
that God had had a hand in this, A shell had ripped
the front pocket of my jacket completely off without
leaving a scratch, I had been only an inch or two
away from certain death. Iwas grateful to God
for letting me live, but knew I had done nothing to
deserve the gift.

"By noon that day I had been removed to the
field hospital for care prior to being evacuated to
England. I was transferred from the front to an
English hospital, and from there to Bushnell
General Hospital in Brigham City, Utah, Though
I did not like the idea of being sent to an amputation
center, it was just fifty short miles from there to
my home in Salt Lake City, and I arrived home in
time to celebrate V.E. Day with my parents on
May 8, 1945.

The doctors at Bushnell General Hospital
insisted that any attempt to rebuild my arm into a
useful limb would meet with failure and that I would
be much better off with a hook than a useless hand,
Being completely opposed to their attitude I finally
managed, after six months, to get transferred to
Dibble General Hospital in Palo Alto, California.
There began the first of a series of twenty-five
major operations necessary to rebuild my arm.

"Those two-and-a-half years spent in and
out of hospitals was a difficult period for me, not
only physically but emotionally, but were perhaps
the most valuable years of my life. During this
time an extremely impatient young man had to
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 944

learn patience. Ilearned from those around me

in the hospitals a real appreciation for all my
countless blessings. And how I learned to love

and feel overwhelming gratitude for my parents!
The rebelliousness and resentment I had held
toward my father melted into a deep pride in this
fine man. No longer did I see him as a naive and
rather stupid man who failed to understand the
world as it really was, but as an honest and chaste
man who avoided the evils of the world because he
knew they did not lead to happiness, Though I had
always loved and respected my mother, her courage
through the loss of my oldest brother, her accept-
ance of my disability and encouragement through
many dark days, her quiet strength and stability -
all these and many other qualities of goodness made
me so proud to be her son, I began to realize that
even if I spent the rest of my life serving them, it
would not be enough to pay them for the gift they
had given me of being well born.

"It was these same qualities of honor and
decency that attracted me to the lovely girl who
lived upstairs. It was not an easy courtship during
my convalescent leaves, Iwas not interested in
marriage, with so much schooling ahead, and she
was not interested in me with the kind of life I was
living. It was when I discovered that losing her to
another was a definite possibility that I began to
realize that she represented the type of life and
love I really wanted. The prospect of a life with
her gave purpose to my existence and a great
desire to succeed and to be worthy of her, I con-
sider my most successful job of salesmanship that
of convincing her that despite my poor record in
school and rowdy army career I would make a good
husband, father and provider,

"The month of September 1947 was an
extremely memorable one for me, Iwas dis-
charged from the army on the 14th, married on
the 20th, and enrolled in college on the 29th, The
latter was to prove the challenge of my life to that
time. I had attended the university for one year
prior to the war, during which time studies never
interfered with my extracurricular activities, and
my grades were an accurate reflection of this -
<span id="page-??"></span>
945 Mabel Norma

almost all E's and F's, Because of a difficulty in
eye coordination I had never learned to be proficient
in reading, and as a result had experienced diffi-
culty all during my earlier years in school, Since
Thad been unable to excel in scholastic pursuits, I
turned my attention to the social, where I had little
problem, and always enjoyed the association of
many different groups of young people, sometimes
in rather questionable activities, One area in
which I gained considerable skill was in mechanics,
woodworking and building, and had it not been for
the now limited efficiency of my right hand and my
determination to achieve an education at least equal
to that of my wife, I would undoubtedly have gone
directly into some mechanical occupation,

"To say that my college degree in business
came after much blood, sweat and tears is no
exaggeration. The first two years were a living
hell to me, and only my reluctance to admit defeat
and my wife's encouragement and patience kept me
from giving up. Gradually, however, as my back-
ground broadened and I got further into my field, I
began to almost enjoy college. It was truly witha
feeling of relief, however, when graduation require-
ments were filled in December 1950 and I was hired
by Masonite Corporation as the factory representa-
tive in the intermountain area. By now I was the
father of one lovely young daughter, and in Febru-
ary of 1951 our second little girl was born, Our
marriage had been truly blessed, Not only were
we much more in love, but our two children brought
greater meaning and richness into our lives.

"After a try at a hardboard fabricating busi-
ness, Iturned my attention to an idea that had
come about as a result of an impulse to examine
the possibilities of assisting the young couples in
the neighborhood with their washing problems,
Living within a block of the University, we dis-
covered that our home was located on business
property in an ideal location for a coin-operated
laundry. With the value of the property as our
only asset, we embarked on another venture, this
time inthe laundry business, This required real
financial juggling and an unbelievable amount of
luck. In recent years I have begun to feel. that we
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 946

succeeded only because of the Lord's help. With

no money and a $10, 000 indebtedness against the
property, we were able to obtain loans during the
next few months in excess of $75, 000. A friend in
the building business hired me to supervise the
‘construction of our building, and a gentleman from
Logan leased the space in the rear of the building
for a professional dry cleaning store and paid $4, 000
advance rent, Without either of these we would have
‘been lost, We were able to buy a fine old home
nearby with almost no money down and moved there,

"The grand opening of our store was on Feb-
~ruary 28, 1961. By June of that year, after having
lost $3,000 in three months operation, the owner
of the professional dry cleaning plant in the rear
sold us the business for just $6, 000 over what
remained owing on the machinery, $4, 000 of which
was the money he had advanced us for rent, payable
at our ‘convenience, Our debts on our new venture
then jumped to $125, 000 and I was the owner ofa
‘business I knew nothing about, That we were not
among the 97% of new businesses that failed during
the first year I can only attribute to the guiding
light that came into my life during that time. At
times its presence had been so real to me, it's as
- though I haven't been in the 'driver's seat', With
at least $4, 000 per month required just to meet |
monthly payments, as well as large amounts
required to make property and sales tax payments,
I have never ceased to be amazed that to date there
‘has been a way of meeting my obligations, It
would indeed be dishonest of me to take credit for
this, for Ihave received guidance far beyond my
abilities, without which I could fail, even today,

"Prior to tearing down the old family home
where we had been living for six years, we were
blessed with two more children - a fine boy and a
third dear little daughter, We had been approached
many times by the ward teachers of University
Ward, but still had no interest in church activity.
Our two oldest daughters attended Primary with
the neighbor children, and occasionally Sunday
School, They were extremely concerned over my
smoking and on occasion would hide my pipe. One
evening, after the children were in bed, I was
<span id="page-??"></span>
947 Mabel Norma

unable to find it and, suspecting the culprit,
awakened my second daughter and. asked her where
she put it. This little girl of nine burst into tears
and pleaded with me to stop smoking because she
loved me and didn't want me to die with cancer,

She was the little one who, at the age of two, while
standing behind my shoulder as I drove to Provo,
bent down and looked into my face with all serious-
ness and said, ''We don't like cid-o-wets'. I felt
absolutely cheap, completely unworthy of the
-wonderful little souls God had given to me, and 1.
promised myself, again, that I would give up.
smoking,

"In addition to the ward teachers we were
visited regularly by members of the ward Senior...
Aaronic Committee, After considerable urging I.
accepted the invitation to accompany one of these
men as a supervisor on a San Juan River trip-with
a group of Explorer scouts. My problem in quitting
tobacco was licked during this trip. We had.also.
been invited to join a study group.at the home of
Bishop Royal K. Hunt, which we accepted, reluc-
tantly at first, but soon we began to really look
forward to our Sunday evening associations. with
the group and our lessons on the Book of Mormon,
and considered it our Sunday church meeting.

"It came time to move out of the ward
boundaries. Asa parting gesture of appreciation
for all the work our neighbors had been doing on
our behalf,’ we decided to give them a little feeling
of success for all their labors by attending church
on our last Sunday in the ward. Ieven decidéd' to
take in Priesthood meeting. Mingling with these’
fine people in these sacred surroundings brought
the realization to us of how desperately we hated
to leave them. We decided to request that our
memberships remain inthe ward. Thus began a
most rewarding association in the University Ward,
and a much better understanding of and warmer
relationship with our Heavenly Father and Jesus
Christ, We discovered that the gospel brought a
greater capacity to love each other, our children
and our neighbors, a richer and warmer associa-
tion in our home. We came to love those who were
responsible for our conversion in a way we had not
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 948
known was possible.

"A new bishop probably brought to us what we
now needed more - not more strength but the oppor-
tunity for developing ours through service. In
addition to attending three Sunday meetings, I began
spending considerable time at the church ona
remodeling project. The bishop's challenge in
September of 1961 to be ordained an Elder I grate-
fully but humbly accepted. I continually felt a
gnawing doubt as to my worthiness, however, and
looked upon my entering the temple as an impossi-
bility at that time.

"Some two months after my ordination as
Elder, as I was enjoying a fast and testimony meet-
ing in a rather detached way, an incident occurred
that completely shattered my composure. Our
oldest daughter, who was shy around adults and
had trouble with stuttering when under emotional
strain, suddenly stood on her feet, She poured out
her love for her Heavenly Father, Jesus Christ,
and for her family; she told of her joy in our
activity in the church. Through her tears she
uttered a prayer that we as a family could be
together in the next world as we were inthis. My
astonishment was complete, and her sweet spirit
and the overpowering presence of the Spirit of the
Lord brought a surge of tears to my eyes suchas
Ihave never known before, It was as though I had
been permitted a glimpse into eternity through the
influence of this little girl of ours and it left me
completely overwhelmed. I gained a firm convic-
tion of the influence of testimony that day. The
bishop met me outside the chapel that evening and
told me it was time I quit fooling around and took
my family to the temple. This I did on December
1, 1961. I'll never forget my joy as the six of us
knelt around the altar that evening, my three beauti-
ful daughters, my fine son, and my lovely wife, all
being joined together with me as a family unit for
all eternity.

"After teaching Course 10 in Sunday School
for approximately six months, I was called to be
Sunday School Superintendent. In the summer of
1963, shortly after his installation a new bishop
called me into his office and asked me to be the
<span id="page-??"></span>
949 Mabel Norma

Explorer leader inthe M.I, A. In August of 1964,
after having been in exploring nearly one year, my
wife and I were able to purchase the home at #3
Douglas St. in which we hope to spend the rest of
our lives, Knowing this to be a permanent move
we, with the concurrence of our bishop, decided

to change our membership to the North 33rd Ward,
the ward where we now reside. My wife and child-
ren changed immediately, but I could not bring my-
self to leave 'my boys' until another year had
passed, In late 1965 I took over the explorer post
in our home ward.

"Then came the call to be Bishop of the North
33rd Ward, which was the most humbling experience
of my life. Had I not been a firm believer in the
principle of divine revelation and inspiration, and
a great admirer of our stake leaders, I would have
seriously questioned the wisdom of this call, I
never face a congregation but what Iam over-
whelmed at the tremendous leadership abilities of
the men over whom I serve. May the Lord bless
me and help me to bring about those purposes for
which I was called.'' .

While Reed got established in his business.
Norma worked, first at the University of Utah and
later for the Union Pacific Railroad where she
started as a vacation relief but soon was ona
regular basis. Here she continued her employment
most of seventeen years with only time out to have
four fine children. Besides, she and Reed have
worked ceaselessly together building their home,
their business and in church service. Among other
responsibilities, Norma served as Relief Society
President and is currently serving as President of
the Ward Y.W.M.I.A.

The couple and their children are truly
"buddies'’, They have fun doing things together.
They boat, ski - both snow and water - ride horses,
camp out, fish, travel, hike, and swim in the family
pool, Norma's mother, Myrtle, has lived with
them the majority of the last twelve years and has
been a welcome and beloved member of their family
group, Their home is a happy rendezvous for
relatives, neighbors, friends and members of the
Ward, especially the young people. There is
<span id="page-??"></span>
George Fern Clark 950
seldom a dull moment at the Websters,

Children of Mabel Norma Christensen and
Reed Johnson Webster, all born in Salt Lake City,
Utah:-

(A) Mary Kathleen Webster born 9 Mar. 1950
(B) Daryl Suzanne Webster born 28 Feb. 1951 |
(C) David Reed Webster born 15 Sep, 1954
(D) Jan Christen Webster born 13 Dec. 1956.

(62) LaFaye Clark (9) was born 19 Sep, 1923
in Goshen, Utah, Utah; died 24 Feb. 1927 in Goshen;
buried Goshen Cemetery.

(63) George Fern Clark (9) was born 21 Nov.
1924 in Goshen, Utah, Utah, the first son in the
family after four daughters, When he was nearly
five and a half his father bought a lot in Santaquin
and moved the family there, It was here that he
attended grade school and Junior High. He then
went to Payson to High School but only went a year
and a half, quitting about a half year before gradua-
tion in order to work, since he felt in great need of
money for the extra things boys need and desire,
there being ‘very little for those things at home..

George joined the Civilian Conservation

Corps (CCC) which was activated during the
depression years, During the two years he was
thus employed he worked at seven different camps
in Utah, including the Cedar Breaks and Zion Park
areas, Then he got a job as a night porter in
Walgren Drug in Sait Lake City and then with the
Bamberger Railroad helping to remove ties from
Center Street in Provo, The urges of youth to see
more of the world began working on him at this
point, as they did upon one of his boy friends, and
the two of them took off for Nevada to find work
and ended up in Red House, where they worked in
a smelter until they had enough money to go on in
the Model A Ford they were driving. The two went
then to Reno, Nevada for a little lark and here they
"went broke''! and had to work a month and a half to
make enough money to go on to California.
<span id="page-??"></span>
951 George Fern Clark

They toured Hollywood in their old Ford and

other points of interest in the Los Angeles area,
and then foolishly spent their last cent at a carnival
and were broke again. They got a job in an orchard
picking oranges, They worked one morning and
were ''doing great'' when the foreman came along
and found that their speed was due to the fact that
they were picking oranges like they picked apples,
and oranges would soon spoil under those conditions.
They were taught to ''cut'' the stem of the orange
from the tree instead of pulling the fruit off, which
they then proceeded to do, but found this method
so slow and tedious that they quit at the end of two
hours of this latter, Anyway, they had decided to
hit for home, They made enough on the orange- .
picking, however, to enable them to fill up with
gas and sandwiches for the homeward journey.
But in Scipio in southern Utah they ran out of gas.
and food and "hocked'' their wrist watches, alarm
clock and a spare tire to get enough of the needed
supplies to get back to Santaquin,

Then Geo rge went into the mines “with his” f
father and worked in the Tintic Standard and North
Lily mines near Dividend, Utah, where they mined
zinc and silver, He had worked here for about a
year and a half when World War I] involved the —
U.S.A. and the call came for fighting men, =
George wanted to "join up" first thing and planned
to get into the air force, in spite of his mother's
pleading and weeping. But then he discovered
that he was frozen to his job in the mines. This-
was a blow!

All his friends were joining up" and as
George went to the mines each day he felt resent-
ful and like a regular traitor or 'scab'', No one
could convince him that he was being patriotic by
staying in the mines, This was a period of frus-
tration for him. He was determined to get into
the armed services somehow and at last he hit
upon a plan. He simply stayed home from his
work in the mines for about six weeks and it
worked ~- he was drafted. He was nearing his
nineteenth birthday in November of 1943 when
he left for the war.

George got into the Air Force all right but
<span id="page-??"></span>
George Fern Clark 952

not as a pilot. Had he known what was ahead of
him he would have surely ceased his clambering

to be in the armed services and stayed home in

his safer place inthe mines, His boot training
took place at Buckley Field near Denver, Colorado;
his gunnery training of three months was had at an
Air Force center near Las Vegas, Nevada; his
flight training was given at an Air Force Base in
Dyersburg, Tennessee and it was here that he was
assigned to the 92nd Bombing crew of nine in the
8th U. S. Air Force Division, From then on this
crew stayed together and went from Tennessee by
train to Kearney, Nebraska and from thence to
Camp Kilmer, New Jersey, which was their port
of-embarkation, They sailed on the troop transport
U.S.S. Wendell L., Wilkie and disembarked at a
port in Scotland and went from there to an air base
in England where they arrived about June 1944.

George was assigned as "waist gunner"! on
their bomber and took up his position in the center
part of that plane when bombing missions were
flown, Each member of the crew carried with him,
besides his other equipment and parachute, a small
kit encased in plastic, containing a knife, some
first’aid supplies and the equivalent of about fifty
dollars in currency of the country over which they
were to fly. They were strictly schooled in the
tactics they should use in case they found them-
selves shot. down over enemy territory. The money
might be useful in buying their way out of some
situations, The bombers usually left England before
daybreak on their missions, with death and destruc-
tion flying with them not only for their targets and
victims but just possibly for their crews as well,
Yes, this was war!

Bomber crew 92nd started seeking its targets
in July that year. It flew nine successful missions
over Germany during the next less than two months.
About 4:00 a.m. on 13 Sep. 1944 it started out from
England on its tenth mission, which was to be
Nuremberg, Germany, the place where trials were
later held for Nazis accused of war crimes, The
nine members of the crew were in good spirits and
anticipating another successful bombing mission,
But just short of their target, enemy fire caught
<span id="page-??"></span>
953 George Fern Clark

them and the plane's one engine was shot out, Then
the Nazis' big guns found the other engine and that
was destroyed also. A signal immediately came
from the bomber's radio to prepare for a crash
landing. This signal was easily heard by the crew
above the noise of the bomber, since each member
wore earphones tuned in for just such purposes.
To prepare for a crash landing meant to remove
one's earphones, go to the small radio room and
lie down on the floor bracing one's feet against the
walls of the room to lessen the jar of a rough land-
ing - and await the outcome.

As the crew of the ill-fated bomber heard the
warning signal, four of them complied immediately
by removing their earphones and going to the radio
room, But George felt there was still a little time
left to stay at his gunner's post and apparently so
did four of the others and they were fortunate to be
able to hear the change of orders to "bail out", as
fire broke out in the plane and spread rapidly,
trapping those in the radio room. It was with diffi-
culty that George made it to a door and, opening it,
adjusted his parachute and jumped. The other four
started to follow but only the first two of them made
it before the whole plane burst into flames, George
saw their parachutes open following their jumps but
they were later reported to have been straightway
killed by the enemy when they came to land near a
little German town, Others of the crew must have
burned with the bomber, for none of them were
ever heard of again,

Ground fire followed George as his parachute
drifted earthward, Intense pain gripped both his
legs as some shrapnel found its mark, He felt
lucky to land on a smail hill amid some bushes,
but when he untangied himself and tried to stand,
he could not. His right leg, swollen and bleeding
from a jagged gash, was so sore and stiffened he
had no use of it. Following earlier well-learned
instructions he hurridly dug a hole and buried his
parachute so that its presence should not give away
his place of hiding. He tried to cover the tracks,
then he crawled painfully farther up the hill into
the deeper brush, He did what he could for his
wounded legs, which was little, keeping a close
<span id="page-??"></span>
George Fern Clark 954

eye and ear open to the surroundings. He felt sure
the foe would hunt for him. By then it was mid-
morning and he felt weak from loss of blood and
perhaps lack of food, He had not eaten since shortly
after midnight. He tried to relax and await the
unknown fate which surely would befall him, He
thought of home and family - and of his girl friend
waiting back in the ''valleys of the mountains", Was
there any likely chance he'd live to see any of them
again?

It was nearing noon of that September day
when he heard voices in the distance - gutteral
German voices giving out many ejaculations he
could not understand, Fear seized him for a mo-
ment; people were on his trail! The voices came
closer and closer - then he could see human forms
through the bushes. The voice of one, sterner and
more vehement than the others, seemed to be in
charge. George held his breath momentarily and
tried not to move a muscle, Suddenly he was poked
right in the ribs by a searching cane and he knew
his time was up. He crawled painfully out of hiding
to face about twenty German soldiers supervised by
a German Major,

George was immediately made to understand
that he must empty his pockets, which he did, plac-
ing some things on one side and some on another.
The currency in its plastic cover was placed on the
side opposite the Major, who failed to see it. It
was scooped up right away by one of the soldiers
in a seemingly nonchalant sort of way but who later
gave the prisoner a hidden wink and smile when he
failed to report his "'take'' to the Major. George
felt that he had perhaps made a friend of a sort,
and this proved to be so later,

The German soldiers administered first aid
to his wounded legs and bandaged the right one which
was more sorely afflicted, Then half dragging and
carrying their prisoner they placed him into a
waiting truck and headed toward town some distance
away. Enroute they drove through a large prune
orchard, and as George tried to stand with the rest
to fill his pockets with the ripened fruit, he was
shoved down into the bottom of the truck again, He
was very hungry! Soon the ''friendly'' soldier nudged
<span id="page-??"></span>
955 . George Fern Clark

up to him, however, and slyly slipped him a few
prunes from his own pocket, George found that

some Germans could be human after all, Other

small, inconspicuous favors were given the pri-
soner by his newly found friend before they were
separated.

George eventually found himself in northern
Germany at Stalogluft Camp No. 4, about thirty
miles from the Baltic Sea. Here some 10, 000
prisoners were interned by the Germans, approxi-
mately 7,000 Americans and 3,000 English and
Australians, There were five compounds with
twenty barracks each. Most were Air Force per-
. sonnel, Commissioned and Non-commissioned~ —
officers, George was one of the latter, Russian.
prisoners of war were forced to wait on these
prisoners and do the 'dirty work'', George felt
he couldn't complain of the treatment - aside from
the food and sanitary conditions which were terrible!
He went from 160 to 120 lbs, in weight.

In the compound where George was imprisoned
someone had an excellent radio which was disassembled
in daytimes and reassembled at nights, thus keeping
it hidden from the German guards. In this manner
they kept track of the progress of the war and knew
that its ending was drawing nearer and nearer.

They learned that the Russians were gaining ground
on Germany's northern borders and so were not at
all surprised when, in February 1945, the prisoners
_ were marched out of Stalogluft Camp No. 4, under
heavy. guard, and were started: marching over
Germany, in. an effort to escape the Russians as

they fought their way into the country, For some
two months, mostly in the cold of winter, these::.
half starved and weary men were literally herded
back and forth over Germany, covering some 600.
miles on foot during that period. The first few days
of this forced walking the Germans tried to keep the
some 10, 000 prisoners together but soon found that
it was safer and more practical to divide them into
smaller units,

Finally, the war nearly ended and according
to terms of the peace, which making was then in
process, the unit of about 1500 American prisoners,
in which George found himself, crossed over the
<span id="page-??"></span>
George Fern Clark 956

river Elbe to Hallee, Germany and joined the
American troops who had fought their way in to

that point. There was great rejoicing among the
Americans but the German guards who had accom-
panied them were taken prisoners by the Yankee
conquerors, What a thrill it was for George, along
with the rest of his fellow comrads, to get cleaned
up and receive new clothing and uniforms. His

right leg had never healed and had given him quite

a bit of trouble, especially on the recent marches.
This was soon taken care of by experts. For the
first time in more than seven months word was
relayed to his loved ones that he was no longer
"missing in action" but safe and compratively well.
He must have often wondered during those seemingly
endless months why he alone, of all his bomber crew,
had been allowed to live. And we too ask this ques-
tion. We do not know the answer, But knowing that
with the gift of life comes the responsibility of
service, we can only surmise that he yet has greater
missions to accomplish and greater services to
render,

George and the liberated American prisoners
in his group were soon flown to Camp ''Lucky Strike"
in France and from there, as soon as troop trans-
ports became available, were shipped to the good
old U.S.A. His ship docked in Virginia, where he
took the train to Fort Douglas, Utah. Here he was
granted a sixty day furlough. Having been liberated
on 26 Apr. 1945, he was able to arrive home the
forepart of July. What a homecoming! He was
married 10 Aug, 1945 at her hometown Nephi, Utah,
to his sweetheart Blanch Yates (b. 6 Oct. 1926 in
Nephi to Herbert Moroni and Della Louise Willis
Yates). He was going on twenty-one and she was
going on nineteen,

- George was granted a twenty day extension
to his furlough so it was not until about the latter
part of September that he went back into the service
and then he took his new bride with him. They went
to Long Beach, California where four large hotels
had been taken over by the Air Force. They were
treated like kings while here and it cost the service
men nothing, except for their wives' meals, those
who brought their wives along. This was indeed a
<span id="page-??"></span>
957 George Fern Clark

royal honeymoon for George and Blanche and it
only ended when they were returned to Kearns,
Utah to await his discharge, which took place
21 Nov. 1945,

The couple returned to Santaquin, Utah and
lived with his parents for about six months while
George scouted around for work, which was not
too plentiful during that post-war period. Finally
he went to work in Provo for a "parts" store and
worked for them until 1954, two years in the store
and six years as an outside salesman, Then he
went to work for Central Utah Motor Company of ©
Provo as manager of parts and service until 1960,
when they went out of business, He returned to
work for Town Supply Co. again until 1962 when
he got a job with Morris Motors where he has
remained until the present (1969),

He and Blanche moved down by the LDS
Hospital in Provo and bought a home there.
Blanche, who had studied beauty culture, has a
beauty shop in their home. For recreation George
joined a bowling league but greatly enjoys the out-
of-doors while camping, fishing or hunting. Blanche
often joins him in these activities. She Says George
takes her on his outdoor trips to "do the cooking"!
but she enjoys them. They have a daughter and a
son, Last fall Blanche went back to Maryland to
be present at the birth of their first grandchild,

Descendants of George Fern Clark and
Blanche Yates: -

(A) Laura Jo Clark born 7 Apr. 1947 in Provo,
Utah; md. 3 Nov. 1967 in the Mesa, Arizona
Temple to J. R, Peay (b. 21 Nov, 1943 in
Salt Lake City, Utah to Clyde Walter and Emma
June Watts Peay), Child:-

I, Stanton Lloyd Peay b, 23 Aug. 1968 at
Andrew Air Force Base, Maryland,

(B) Jeffery George Clark born 22 Aug. 1951-in
Provo, Utah,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Lorraine Clark 958

- (64) Lorraine Clark (9) was born in Goshen,
Utah County, Utah I4 Nov. 1926. She was three
and a half when the family moved to Santaquin
nearby. It was in Santaquin that she received most
of her formal education and where she graduated
from Junior High. It has been stated that she was
always one of the top students in her classes, if
not the top one. In her ninth grade year she was
honored by being chosen May Day queen of the
school,

She started High School in Payson but quit
early in her first year to go to work, as some of
the other children in her family had done, to pro-
vide themselves with ''the extra things'' for which
young people yearn and for which there was very
little money available in their home, although it
was richin love, sacrifice and devotion. Though
her father was a laboring man with a limited edu-
cation, and the family was large, yet her parents
did all they possibly could to raise healthy, whole-
some, happy children, Actually, Lorraine and her
brothers and sisters had a wonderful heritage,
having come from purebred English and Danish
stock. All of their four grandparents were cour-
ageous emigrants who left their homes in their
native lands and came to Zion for the Gospel's sake,

Lorraine had an oppo rtunity to go to Delta,
Utah to work for her cousin, Ada P, Johnson, and
a lovelier person than Ada was hard to find. Lorraine
worked at her place for at least a year, helping with
the house and children, From Delta Lorraine went
to Ephraim, Utah and lived with her married sister,
Vera, and family. By then the war was on anda
parachute plant had been opened in nearby Manti.
Good wages could be made there and they "bussed'!
workers from the surrounding towns, so she gota
job there. Vera writes:- ''Lorraine came and
stayed with me when I lived in Ephraim. She was
at our home when our daughter Ann was born (18
Sep. 1943). She started working at the sewing plant
in Manti and stayed with me a year or so and quit at
the sewing plant and went to Salt Lake to work, She
had sewed since she was a young girl and was a
lovely seamstress, '!

Lorraine's sister Tresia writes:- ''I was
<span id="page-??"></span>
959 Lorraine Clark

living with the Hughes Brockbank family in Salt
Lake City and working part time. They needed a
girl and I wrote Lorraine and she came and worked
at Brockbank's for at least a year. I stayed with
her in their home until I got married (23 Oct. 1945),
Later she worked with our sister Alta at Monson's
Nursing Home. ''

When a sewing plant, the Barbizon Company,
started business in Provo, Utah in March 1946
Lorraine went to work there. But it was while
living in Salt Lake City that she met her future
husband. Alta introduced them. She was married
the day after her twentieth birthday, 15 Nov. 1947,
in Elko, Nevada to Forest Abel Craig (b. 24 Feb.
1927 in Palisade, Colorado to Forest Oscar and
Annabelle Frances Houseman Craig).

Tresia again writes:- ''Abel and Lorraine
built a small home on a piece of property his
parents owned just off Redwood Road and about
tenth South, Their daughter Kathy was born there
a year or two later. When she was about six or
seven they sold that home and bought a nice home
on 1067 Sterling Drive in the Rose Park area in
Salt Lake. Abel was a plumber and became very
successful,

"Lorraine and Kathy were very active in

_ their new ward, Lorraine sang in the ward choir
and taught Kathy's Sunday School class. She
gathered Ward Budget for years, She loved work-
ing inher yard, She sewed for herself and Kathy
and kept her looking like a princess, She was so
proud of this lovely daughter of theirs and so much
of her life was wrapped up in her,'"!

Lorraine started working at Mode O' Day in
Salt Lake City about 1949 and worked there off and
on as a seamstress for about fifteen years, She
became well liked there by both the employees and _
the management. In fact she was shown many
special favors and in her sweet, innocent way
accepted them gratefully yet perhaps with a little
pride, for she was not entirely free from vanity
like most other pretty girls. But through this,
jealousy began to rear its ugly head in the sanctity
of their home.
<span id="page-??"></span>
-Lorraine Clark 960

Through the emotional impact of this
Lorraine became very ill and was forced to give
up her work, She became entirely discouraged..
She was sent to the Mental Hospital in Provo for
treatments,. They could find little wrong with her
but sheer despondency. She seemed to gain strength
from the treatments and was able to return home
but failed to find there the understanding and encour-
agement she needed so badly at that time,

In the meantime, Abel was prospering in his
trade. Lorraine was presented with a divorce sum-
mons she was unable to understand or answer,

Abel procured an easy divorce and soon re-married,
Their daughter Kathy, a sweet girl with a charming
personality, remained with her mother and this was
Lorraine's ''star of hope"! for the future. But some-
how Kathy's loyalties began to change. Her Aunt
Tresia writes:- 'Kathy turned against her mother
and sided in with her father, I think she was really
led to believe that her mother had done some
terrible sin - but except for being a little foolish’
and vain, Lorraine had done no sin, '!

Tresia continues: - "I have never known a
family who so many. people envied and thought they
had everything. I also have never known a family
who sank into the depth of despair as they did.
Their lives have shown me that the material things
aren't what count, and that the only way to find
true happiness is by keeping and living the. com-
mandments of our Heavenly Father. I'm sure
Lorraine desired these things. But she had lost
her husband and she felt that she had also lost her
“precious daughter and she just didn't have the cour-
age to go on,"! :

Undoubtedly with little knowledge of the
seriousness of the act, Lorraine took her own life
at her home in Salt Lake City, 31 Aug. 1967.
Desiring so much the tranquility and peace she
could not seem to find in life, she probably never
looked back once she decided on her course, Who
knows? A lovely memorial service was held for
her Wed. Sep, 6 at 11:00 a.m, in the ward chapel,
at which the Bishop and others who knew her ~
eulogized her loveliness, humility, love of humanity
and desire to serve, Her body was laid to rest later
<span id="page-??"></span>
961 LaMar C, Clark

that day by the side of her parents in the cemetery
at Goshen, Utah county, Utah.

In speaking of her, her sister Tresia adds:-
"Lorraine was one of the best housewives I have
ever known. Her house was always clean, nice
meals cooked. She always kept Kathy clean and
looking like a doll, She loved working in her yard.
Truly she excelled in most of her undertakings.
Her husband said of her after they were divorced,
'In the sixteen or seventeen years we lived together
before our trouble began, as a wife and mother I
could find no fault in her, [I could paint any room
in the house, move anything out - stove, refriger-

ator - without cleaning first. Everything was clean,

Daughter of Lorraine Clark and Forest Abel
Craig (divorced):

(A) Kathryn Anne Craig, born 21 Apr. 1950 in
Salt Lake City, Utah

(65) LaMar Christensen Clark (9) Cousin
LaMar called on me at my home in Provo Satur-
day 20 Mar. 1967 and gave the following short
account of himself:-.''I was born in Goshen, Utah
County, Utah 14 Oct, 1928. I started school in
Santaquin, first in elementary and then graduated
from Jr, High there, I attended Payson High parts
of three years but did not graduate, staying out of
school at times when work was available, I got
odd jobs with farmers, in the onion and potato
harvests, etc., and herding cows,"!

His sister Tresia tells of one incident in his
life:- '"It was difficult for our father to keep our ©
big family in shoes, Clothes could be made over
or handed down - but shoes wore out. One time
when LaMar was about twelve years. old he was
herding cows down by the canal and kicking his
feet out over the stream as he sat resting on the
bank. One of his oxfords came off and fell into .
the stream and he was unable to recover it. These
were his only shoes, He was frightened and didn't
dare tell Father, but confided in me. He sluffed
school for a number of days and went barefoot
over to Salem and worked in the potato and onion

ttt
<span id="page-??"></span>
LaMar C, Clark 962

harvest until he had earned enough money to buy
himself a new pair of shoes. Not until then did he
tell Father or go back to school."

LaMar continues his story:- 'I learned the
value of money early - and the hard way. I learned
to work for the things I wanted. As soon as I could
I got a job working at Ironton, just south of Provo,
and when I was eighteen, in Nov. 1946, I started
working for Geneva Steel of Provo in the open
hearth department. Jam still working there after
more than twenty years, but I have had a number
of advancements and am now a crane operator,

"TI met my wife, Georgina, when I was attend-
ing school in Payson. Iwas sixteen. Two school
friends took me to her home in Nephi and introduced
us, Iwas impressed and she must have been also,
for we began going together right away. She was
my first real 'girl friend'. We went together much
of the time for two and a half years and then were
married, 1 June 1948, during a wedding party in
our honor at her home ward church in Nephi. The
marriage ceremony was performed about 10:00 p.m.
by Bishop Brockbank,

: 'We honeymooned in the canyons of southern
Utah,. then moved to a home at 355 East 4th North
in Provo, where we rented an apartment. Later

- we bought a trailer house in Orem and lived there
for about a year. It was while living in this trailer
house the spring of 1949 that our first child, Nancy,
was born in the. Payson hospital. Next we sold our
trailer and rented a home at 455 North 2nd West in
Provo where we lived for three years, It was while
living here that our second daughter, Marla, was
born in the Provo hospital.

"Then we bought a home in American Fork at
950 West Main Street where we lived for about eight
years, It was in the American Fork hospital that
our last three children were born, another daughter
and two sons, In the meantime we began buying a
lot at 396 West 3rd North in American Fork and
on this we had a nice three bedroom brick home
built and moved into this, where we are very com-
fortable and happy.

"My hobbies and special interests are hunting
<span id="page-??"></span>
963 LaMar C. Clark

and fishing, golf, bowling, raising flowers and a
vegetable garden (when there is room); also car-
pentry and do-it-yourself projects. Among other
things I built the garage we had on our first Ameri-
can Fork place, I have become more active in the
church recently and now go home teaching. We
like our ward here,"

As I looked at this gentle, sweet dispositioned
young man in his late thirties, light complexioned
with curly hair beginning to recede a little, I thought
how much like his grandfather Christensen he was,
Rather short but sturdily built; yes, he was his
grandfather's boy. I thought also that here was a
self-made successful man who was gathering the
good things of life around him - a fine home, a nice
car, a lovely family, and conveniences to make:
them happy. He was finding time to work inthe’
church and to indulge some of his many hobbies,
along with his family. . .

LaMar took up a new hobby. He bought ~
himself a motorcycle. On Sunday July 28, 1968,
after dinner, he felt a little under the weather and
decided to take a little ride to get some air. He
got on his motorcycle and headed toward Alpine. ©
Sometime later his machine struck a railroad
track and he was thrown off onto his head. He.
was rushed to a nearby Murray hospital and his
family was summoned. But he never regained
consciousness and died that night about 9 p.m, in
the hospital there, Funeral services were held
for him in the American Fork Third Ward chapel
the following Thursday at 1l a.m, and he was
buried in the Nephi, Utah cemetery beside some
of his wife's people.

His wife, Georgina Ockey, was born 17 Apr.
1929, in Nephi, Juab, Utah, the daughter of
Edward Burton and Ida Ann Wilkey Ockey. She |
and their five children survived him, as well as
one brother and four sisters,

Children of LaMar Christensen Clark and
Georgina Ockey:--

(A) Nancy Lee Clark born 21 May 1949 in
Payson, Utah.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Kathryn Christensen 964

(B) Marla Jean Clark born 12 Jan. 1953 in
Provo, Utah.

(C) Carolyn Clark born 9 Aug. 1954 in American
Fork, Utah.

(D) Edward LaMar Clark born 17 June 1957 in
American Fork.

(E) Danny Ray Clark born 3 Feb. 1964 in
American Fork.

(66) Kathryn Christensen (4) has written her
own history:- "I was born on August 21, 1929 at
the Crane Maternity Home in Provo, Utah, Mother
had turned forty-four a few weeks earlier and Dad
was fifty-six, My earliest recollections date back
to the old home in Orem, 1158 South State Street,
where I lived until Iwas married at twenty-one.
Earliest memories include glimpses of my grand-
mother Farnsworth's death as a result of having
fallen out of the bedroom back porch, various cat
and dog pets and the bad ends to which each came
in its own time, the thrill of getting an indoor
bathroom, the rhythm of the twin Dexter washing
machine every Monday morning; but, most of all,
the delight I felt when Elaine and Ted, Virginia
and Dan, or Lois and Sherm would bring their
children "'home'' so I could play with them, For
many, many years I think that Donna Southwick,
Colleen Keeler and Kent Christensen were the
most beloved friends that Ihad. During these
early years of memory, houses were few and far
between in Orem, and although mother spent hours
reading to me, sewing for my dolls, playing
dominos etc., it seems that I was always hungry
for child companionship. Phil, Cullen and Norma,
the only ones that ever lived in that home, were
all so much ahead of me, Family reunions at the
canyon where all of us children (my nieces and
nephews) stood Sherm and Phil in various tag
games and where that lucky Colleen always won
the box of miniature chocolates for having the most
freckles, were the highlights of my childhood. The
hours and hours that Kent and I spent digging up
"doodle bugs" and hunting for spiders for our
collection will never be forgotten, The summer
or summers that Dan Keeler Jr. spent with us
<span id="page-??"></span>
965 Kathryn Christensen
there in Orem are bright spots of memory.

"Duties of childhood were certainly reason-
able. Working in the garden with Dad, helping
Mother to can fruit and vegetables, occasional
dishes and housecleaning seem to have left lots
of time for what friends could be gathered from
far and near, Idid pick strawberries, raspberries
and other fruits for Virgil Cordner, Philo Edwards
and Wilford Stubbs, for this is the way I earned my
spending money. I preferred picking fruit to baby
sitting greatly since my first couple of experiences
at that were so ghastly.

"Grade school memories have condensed
down to glimpses of my teachers, my playmates,
and a general feeling that I did well. Junior high
school was a thrill for many reasons. I met, for
the first time, another child Republican other than
Jeanine Watkins. Other Republicans from the
Lake View and Vineyard areas were encountered
for the first time. It was during this first year in
Jr. High school that I became acquainted with most
of the sweet friends that were to be my dearest and
most constant companions all of the way through
high school: Jeanine Watkins, Marilyn Christensen,
Alene Edwards, Donna Christensen, Myrlene
Smith, Carol Stubbs, Beth Jones, Joan Stewart,
Marie Rohbock, Marjorie Clemens, Pat Yager,
and for a few years, Katherine Tapp. We called
ourselves 'The Terrible Twelve' and for the years
when Katherine Tapp lived inthe area, 'The Icky
Thirteen’; but as I look back upon our activities
we must have been the most innocent teenagers.
imaginable. Our parents gave us a great deal of
freedom, partly because they all knew each other
and because, in my memory at least, we never
disappointed them. We had such fun times at the
Girls' Home, Carl Young's cabin, the various
school activities and the many parties at our
homes. It became a tradition to have a sleeping
party just before Christmas, The first one was
at our home, All of these girls were active in
studentbody affairs and had such delightful person-
alities. I count these marvelous friends as some
of my greatest blessings.

"In junior high and high school, in addition
<span id="page-??"></span>
Kathryn Christensen 966

to my activity in music, I had the lead in some
school plays; was president of the Junior Organ-
ized Club of Service in 9th grade; a member and
vice-president of the Tigerettes, the pep club;
society editor for the Livewire, the school paper,
and my senior year was editor; Junior Prom com-
mittee member; and chairman of the Graduation
Committee for the class of 1947. Iwas a graduate
of Seminary.

"I must have started taking piano lessons
around 3rd grade. Mother and Dad were very
encouraging and gave me every opportunity. I
took from Clair Reid for several years, Melba
Pyne for a short time, Elmer Nelson for a con-
centrated summer, and finally from Carl Feurstner
for a short time. I believe that all of us came to
the conclusion finally that I did develop what talent
Thad and that it was not impressive. Somewhere
around the 7th or 8th grade Mother and Dad
noticed that I enjoyed singing very much and sent
me to Allie Clark for vocal lessons, She was the
_only teacher lever studied with so I have no way
“of knowing how fine a teacher she was, but it was
a very interesting experience, Opportunities
came often to do all that I had time to do in music.
Mr. E. B. Terry did so much for me. He had me
accompany various glee clubs and choruses and
let me sing some soprano solos in the community
presentation of 'The Messiah' for several years.
It was Mother who was instrumental in the forma-
tion of.a vocal trio with Carol Stubbs, soprano;
Marie Rohbock, alto; and myself singing 2nd —
soprano. Once we got started, Mr, Terry and
especially Stanley R. Gunn, one of our seminary
teachers, saw that we had countless opportunities
to perform, Mr. Gunn was asked to speak at
sacrament meetings often and nearly always
invited our trio to go along with him to furnish the
music for the program. Often we sang at two
Sacrament meetings a week. Up to the present
time I feel that this was the finest singing group
to which I have ever belonged. We were all trained
by Mrs, Clark and must have sung together for
three or more years, I sang with Geniel Larsen
and Birdene Terry for quite some time and this
trio sang with the Mendelssohn Chorus directed
<span id="page-??"></span>
967 Kathryn Christensen

by E, B. Terry. Every place I have gone since
high school I have been involved with music in the
church in various capacities. A sextette in Wash-
ington D. C., of which Iwas a member, sang
extensively in that area,

"My church jobs started early. I believe
that we were in the eighth grade when Marilyn
Christensen and I traded off being chorister and
organist for the Junior Sunday School in the old
Timpanogos Ward. I may have been still in high
school when I was made Junior Sunday School
Coordinator. Iwas music director in MIA for
one year and then back to Jr, Sunday School in
various capacities until 1955-56 when, as a mar-
ried woman, our family moved to Hyattsville,
Maryland, where Bishop June B, Thayne said to
me, 'We have three jobs open, which one would
you like?' I'll never forget that bishop! One of
the jobs was ward choir director, ,which I chose,
Other than directing a Golden Gleaner chorus in
Orem this was my first opportunity to direct a
choir, Since then I have directed them in almost
every ward in which I have lived. I have also
taught Primary for several years and in Palo Alto
taught the fifteen and sixteen year olds in Sunday.
School, I became a Golden Gleaner while still in
college. —

"I attended Brigham Young University from
1947 to 1951 where [| graduated with a B.A, degree
in elementary education. At first I thought that I'd
major in speech and dramatics since I had enjoyed
being in plays directed by L. L. Terry in high
school, I soon changed to music as a major, then
to English as a major and then, to be practical, I
went into elementary education, English literature
is, I suppose, my first love now. While at the.
BYU Iwas a member of O.S, Trovata social unit
and was president of that organization during my
junior year. Iwas a member of the student council
as senior class representative my last year. I
was awarded membership in Phi Kappa Phi and
graduated with honors,

"Twas married on June 5, 1951 to Albert
Charles Todd Jr. the day after graduation. Bert
was a returned missionary from Czechosolovakia
<span id="page-??"></span>
Kathryn Christensen 968

and was finishing his junior year at the Y, He was

a political science major, was a good student and

an inspirational speaker. He was asked to teach
Russian language for our next two years at the Y.

We lived first in the basement of a garage near to
the campus and then moved to Wymount Village.
Albert Paul Todd was born in February 1953. He
was named Albert for Bert, Bert's father, my
father, and Albert Kent Christensen, all of whom
assisted in his blessing. Robert Ord and Melvin
Mabey assisted also, Bert finished his MA in the
summer of 1953, In August of 1953 we moved to
Arlington, Virginia so’that Bert could do his grad-
uate work at Georgetown University. I taught school
during this time. We lived in the upstairs apartment
above Wynn's Fabric Store on Fairfax Drive in
Arlington, Dixie Reid Christensen, who lived only

a few blocks away, secured our apartment and tended
Paul for two years and in general was our mother
away from home.

"In the summer of 1955 Bert lost his Senate
Post Office patronage job due to the loss of Republi-
can strength inthe legislature. Because he had
finished his classwork and my salary continued
through the summer we moved for the summer to
Cambridge, Mass., where we lived in Holden Green
and thoroughly enjoyed the association of Kent and
Betsy Christensen while Bert studied at the Weidner
Library. Both Betsy and I were expecting babies
in November (Peter and Ann). In the fall we
returned to the Washington, D. C. area of Kent
Village in Hyattsville, Maryland, because Bert had
taken a position of teacher of Russian History at
Gallaudet College for the deaf, There Gaylen Peter
was born in November 1955, It was while living
there that, through some genealogy work, I located
Bert's father's family in Kansas - all alive except
one brother. Bert and I met Dad Todd in Kansas
where we saw Dad meet his brothers and sisters
after fifty years. I got an amazing amount of
genealogy and it was a thrilling experience, In
June of 1956 Bert changed jobs and began working
for the Air Force as a Russian specialist at the
Pentagon so we moved to Fort Strong Apartments
in Arlington, Virginia. I taught school again and
Bert's mother, Delila Folsom Todd, stayed the
<span id="page-??"></span>
969 Kathryn Christensen

school year with us to care for Paul and Peter.
(Gaylen, then). .Dad Todd and she were in he
throes of selling their hydroponics plant near
Las Vegas, During this year my own: father died
and I returned to Utah for a: ‘week or so to be with
Mother.

"Tn November 19 57 Jeanmiarie was bon,
About six weeks earlier Peter had rolled off his |
lower bunk bed and had fractured his clavicle.

He had been put in a cast from the waist up. The
next morning Paul (44) and I took him for a walk
in the stroller, Paul saw a bird bath in a yard —
and, thinking that it was a water fountain, tried

to pull himself up to get a drink, The mounting ~
was rusted and the huge mass of cement fell on ~
his leg giving him a bad break in the growth-line .
in the knee, Fortunately a service station attendant
saw the accident and helped me get him to,a doctor.
It was necessary for him to wear a cast from the
waist to toe on one leg and from the waist to the
knee on the other leg. Mother Christensen rose |
to. the occasion and boarded an airplane for the .
first time to come to help me, since I was eight
months pregnant with two small children in casts,
She stayed until spring. On February 14, 1958
Mother Todd died of a cerebral hemmo rhage. in
Conway, Arkansas, as she and Dad were coming |
to visit us and to see the new baby girl. Dad Todd
did come a little later after the funeral, to fill the
void of Mother Todd's death with this, new. baby.

"In the spring of 1958 Bert was “selected to.
go to the Soviet Union for a year of study, by the
University Travel Grant Committee. .In prepara-
tion for this great opportunity the family, with Dad
Todd, moved to Middlebury, Vermont for the sum-
mer so that Bert could attend a concentrated _
Russian language session, We renteda fascinating
old home with two kitchens, eleven rocking chairs,
two stuffed deer heads and a decorative but real —
wasp nest inthe library. Many friends came to .
visit us there. Our furniture had been stored in
Washington D. C., so at the end of the summer
we moved directly to Orem where the children and
‘I stayed with Mother Christensen while Bert spent
the year studying at Moscow University. It was
<span id="page-??"></span>
Kathryn Christensen 970

with great excitement and anticipation that we
looked forward to this opportunity. I taught

school at the Hillcrest School in Orem. I took
Russian at night for one quarter but found that the
schedule was too demanding to continue. I did get
lots of genealogy work done that year with the help
of Virginia Keeler, Mother cared for the three
children with the help of a lady who did the cleaning
and the ironing, In May 1959 Dad Todd came from
California to help Mother with the children while I
joined Bert in Moscow for a six week tour of the
Soviet Union with him and the other American
students and wives. This had been the first
exchange of students through the University Travel
Grant committee. On the tour we visited Moscow,
Leningrad, Tiblise, Sochi, Yalta, Odessa and Kiev.
We traveled by train, bus and airplane. This was
not the usual tourist journey. We were given con-
siderable freedom and all of the students spoke
fluent Russian by that time. On our return trip
we stopped at Warsaw, East and West Berlin,
Paris, and London, After picking up the three
children in Utah we returned to Washington D. C.
where we stayed in Ralph Mecham's home until we
found an apartment in Cambridge, Mass., where
Bert had been offered a two year fellowship at the
Russian Research Center at Harvard University.
At first we lived in an apartment at Sitko's just

off Massachusetts Avenue but after Phil was born
in July 1960 we moved to an apartment two stories
above Pop's Liquor Store on Western Avenue in
Allston, Mass, Our association with Kent and
Betsy Christensen these two years was delightful.

. In September 1961 Bert accepted a joint
appointment at Indiana University in the Slavic
Languages and Literatures Department and in the.
History Department, We rented a large university
owned home just off campus. Dad Todd came to
live with us for one year, but health required that
he leave Indiana. During the first year there in
Indiana I ran 'The Princess Playschool! for four
and five year old girls so that Jeanmarie would
have some friends and to help pay for the grand
piano that I had purchased, I had seven little girls
for two hours five days a week, During all of the
time in Indiana it was quite obvious that our
<span id="page-??"></span>
971 Kathryn Christensen

marriage would not survive the strains of changed
goals and ideals, The Russian experience proved

to be. disadvantageous to our marriage, During
the summer of 1962 I went back to school in earnest.
Bert was in Russia most of this summer and several
other times during these years in Indiana, I
received much help from the Evan Memmott family.
They, with eight children, were living in a large
trailer house while Evan was obtaining his PhD
degree. During this summer their oldest daughter,
Mary Lee, brought several of her younger brothers
and sisters over to my large house and tended them
and my children while I went to school and Brother
and Sister Memmott typed his dissertation. In the
fall Mother came to care for the children while tT
went full time to school.

"I majored in Library-Science, In the spring
I flew to Palo Alto, California for a job interview.
and signed a contract as an elementary school «.
librarian with the Palo Alto Unified School District.
I had had job offers for Seattle Public Library, the
University of California at Santa Barbara,public
school at Lompoc, California, and’ one in Oregon.
I had been invited’to stay at Indiana University as.
librarian for their new elementary library at their
training school there. I chose Palo Alto largely:
because Kent and Betsy Christensen lived there at
the time and the salary. offered was exceptionally.
good, Betsy and Grandpa Todd found a home for.
me and purchased it with some of Dad Todd's and
Mother Christensen's*money inJune. Betsy and
Dad repainted it and had it all ready for us when
we arrived in August of 1963; Iwas grantedia
divorce on August 1, 1963. Bert was in Russia .
at the time. I finished my MAT degree on August
llth and we moved the next day. We drove in
convoy with Tom Moon as far as Salt Lake City
where a family gathering at Reed and Norma |
Webster's welcomed us home. A few days later.
I drove on to Palo Alto where we found the first
home ever to belong to us ready and waiting for |
us, Mother remained in Salt Lake City.

'My job in Palo Alto entailed going to five
schools a week to train student librarians, teach
library skill, give book talks and literature
<span id="page-??"></span>
Kathryn Christensen 972

enrichment, etc. In addition there was a great
amount of reading for selecting library materials
for the district. After the first year I had fewer
schools and was one of the co-chairmen of book
selection, The fourth year Iwas chairman of
Book Selection and chairman of the Elementary
Library Department. Dad Todd cared for the
children the first year and a half, and Mother
cared for them the next two years. I received

a great deal of help from Mother and Dad,

"These were busy years in Palo Alto and
except for Betsy and Kent and some close girl
friends, especially June Martin, there was not
much time or opportunity for social life since I
taught summer school and took evening classes
during the winter. However, I decided to try to
go to London and Paris as a chaperon with Foreign
Language League with June Martin in the summer
of 1966. In between our planning and the actual
trip, June had been introduced to Dr, Melvin
Mabey (by me) from BYU, a close friend of mine
whose wife, Janet, had been killed a year earlier
leaving nine children, After a beautiful and short
courtship they had been married. June, feeling
obligated to go to London with me and the group
she had recruited, did come for a time; but seeing
that all was going well with our group and being
needed at home, she returned to Provo. The six
weeks in London and Paris with a group of teen-
agers, including Reed and Norma's Kay, was really
a delightful experience; partly because I had met
Dr. B. Delworth Gardner in Salt Lake City just a
few days before leaving for London. (He was a
professor of economics at Utah State University. }
Iwas able to share my experiences there with him
through letters.

"IT had met Del through my bishop in Palo
Alto, John Hopkin and his wife Bonnie, who is a
distant cousin of Del's, Bishop Hopkin had written
Del early in May telling him about me. Although
he had replied that 'his heart was not ready', since
his divorce was very recently granted, when I went
to Salt Lake City in June to leave Peter and Jean-
marie with Reed and Norma Webster, the Hopkins,
through June Martin Mabey, informed Del where I
<span id="page-??"></span>
973 Kathryn Christensen

was staying, We met at the home of Neal and
Colleen Maxwell and were both immediately
impressed, We had several dates before I left

for California and on to Europe, including a day

or so at Jackson Hole with the Websters and
friends for the Fourth of July. We were both
rather confident that this was a highly desirable
relationship, After writing for the six weeks while
[was away in Europe, several weeks from Palo
Alto to Logan and six weeks while Del was in
Ecuador and Bolivia with intermittent visits
between, the marriage date was moved up from
March to June to December. We were married

in the Oakland Temple on December 17, 1967,
honeymooned in Sausalito, returned to Palo Alto
two days later for an open house at Kent and
Betsy's, and moved immediately to Logan where
we had purchased a house two weeks earlier. Utah
friends and family honored us and welcomed us
graciously.

"In purchasing the house we had in mind
buying one large enough for Del's three children,
who were with their mother, and my four. We
found just the perfect house and furnished it from
the beginning for seven children. The hoped for
but unexpected opportunity to have the three
Gardner children - Naunie Marie, Brigg, and
Bruce - came in mid-February when their mother
called from Reno saying that we could have them
at least for the school year. So nine sat about
our big round (now oval) tablé that I brought from
Indiana, seven single beds filled the four large
children's bedrooms, and life looked to be very
full and joyful and challenging. How long we will
remain in Logan is indefinite because Del has
several interesting offers other places, but life
seems beautifully full and choice here in this
lovely little valley. The past seems full of great
blessings and some heart aches, but brothers,
sisters, other family, and dear friends have long
since helped to melt the latter away. The present
with Del is so delightful and the future looks so
very bright, I remain awed at the blessings of
the Lord,

"During the late summer of 1967 I was asked
<span id="page-??"></span>
Kathryn Christensen 974

to teach Library Science courses at Utah State
University. The professor who was in charge of
teaching these courses was given a grant to finish
his PhD, and the department of Instructional Media
and Library Science was in need of a person for
one year. Dr. Milton C. Abrams, University
Librarian, recommended me to the department.
Although we now had all seven children with us,

the opportunity to try my hand at this level of
teaching for a limited time seemed worth the
effort. Iwas made an assistant professor and
asked to teach Use of Libraries and Library
Materials, Reading Guidance, Secondary School
Library Administration, Cataloging and Classifi-
cation, and Elementary School Library Adminis-
tration, as well as to do all counselling of students
with Library Science interests, The head of the
department was Dr. Lester C, Essig whom I had
known at Indiana University. The third member

of the department was Dr. Don C., Smellie whom
Ihad also known at Indiana U. I was encouraged
by these men and assured that I had a place here
at the University as long as Iwas here, Their
cooperation and encouragement made it a challeng-
ing but rewarding and a successful year profession-
ally.

"But for some time Resources For the
Future, an organization of mostly economists
funded by the Ford Foundation, had been anxious
to have my husband, Del, come to Washington
D. C. to do some thinking about what the quality
of life in rural America will be around the turn of
the century. So we have decided to accept this
challenge this year (1968/69), It looks as if it
will be a-marvelous year professionally for Del,
and all seven children are anxious and able to join
with us for a year near the nation's capitol,"!

Kathryn, Del and family left for the Washing-
ton D, C. area in September 1968. After almosta
year of delightful and successful experiences there
they are now preparing to return to Logan this
September, 1969.

Kathryn's husband, Brigham Delworth
Gardner, was born 7 Sep, 1928 in Afton, Wyoming,
‘the son of Brigham Delos and Camera Lorean
<span id="page-??"></span>
975 Viola Emma Clark

Hepworth Gardner. His children by a former
marriage are Brigham Ebb Gardner, born 1 Nov.
1952 in Laramie, Wyoming; Naunie Marie Gardner,
born 19 July 1954 in Salmon, Idaho; and Bruce
Barrus Gardner, born 18 Nov. 1957 in Ft, Collins,
Colorado,

Children of Kathryn Christensen and Albert
Charles Todd Jr. (divorced):

(A) Albert Paul Todd, born 20 Feb, 1953 in
Provo, Utah.

(B) Gaylen Peter Todd, born 17 Nov. 1955,
Washington D. C,

(C) Jeanmarie Todd, born 25 Nov. 1957,
Washington D. C,

(D) Phillip Arnold Todd, born 26 July 1960,
Cambridge, Mass,

(67) Viola Emma Clark (9) the sixty-seventh
and last grandchild of Laurs M. C. and Else K, —
Christensen has written a few details about her
own life as follows:- "I was born 21 June 1931 in
the hospital at Payson, Utah Co., Utah. My folks
were living at Santaquin at the time. Iwas the
youngest of eight children. Mother said I was ill
quite a bit when I was small but since then my
general health has been good.

"T attended twelve years of formal schooling,
first in Santaquin where I spent the first eighteen
years of my life and then in Payson where I
graduated from Payson High School in the spring
of 1949. LIalso graduated from the LDS Seminary
there. oo

"IT met my future husband, Russell Widdison,
the summer after graduation. Although he went
into the army for three years soon after we met,

I waited for him. Soon after his return we were
married in Provo, Utah 23 May 1952. (Russell
Boyd Widdison was born 4 Sep, 1930 in Heber _..
City, Utah, the son of Joseph Royal and Ada
Harrison Widdison). We lived here in Utah for _
two years following our marriage and then moved
to Chicago, Illinois for two years where Russell
studied electronics at the DeVry Technical College
<span id="page-??"></span>
Viola Emma Clark 976

Institute. Although he later went into mechanics,
the two years study was certainly not wasted, It
was here that our daughter Darryl was born, We
moved back to Utah and our second daughter,
Cheryl, was born in our home state,

"We have lived in several cities in Utah
during our married life, including Santaquin,
Richfield, American Fork, Bountiful, and are
presently buying a home in North Salt Lake.. I
have worked as a nurses aide in nursing homes
and hospitals most of the years since I was
married, Iam presently employed at the South
Davis Hospital in Bountiful as an L. P. N. Ihave
brown hair, brown eyes, am 5 ft. 55 inches tall
and I hope I am easy going.

"T have taught Junior Sunday School for two
years, Primary for two years and am at present
a visiting teacher in the Relief Society. On 23
June 1961 Russell and I went to the temple in Salt
Lake City for our endowments and sealings and
had our two daughters sealed to us, so that our
family can be together as a family in eternity. My
life has been.a happy one and I appreciate the great
heritage given me by my good parents and other
worthy progenitors and will be happy to learn more
of them through our Christensen book. I never
knew any of my grandparents since they all four
died before Iwas born."

Children of Viola Emma Clark and Russell
Boyd Widdison:-

(A) Darryl Kay Widdison, born 20 May 1955 in
Chicago, [linois.

(B) Cheryl Gay Widdison, born 27 Apr. 1958 in
American Fork, Utah,

sie se ste ste sie
be rh ak OS

Few of the descendants of Laurs. M. C. and
Else K. Christensen have ever taken time to visit
in Little Denmark and fewer still, except perhaps
our family missionaries to Denmark, have visited
North Jutland or Thy where our Danish progenitors
came from over one hundred and three years:ago.
This summer, however, Lois Myrup Anderson,
<span id="page-??"></span>
977

Grandfather Christensen's sister Maren Christen-
sen Myrup's granddaughter who has loved Denmark
as Ido, went to Jutland to visit the homeland of our
people. She wrote to share her experiences there
with me and I want to share them with you, the
descendants of Laurs and Else K., ina hope that
they may stimulate some of us to visit there
someday also,

Following are excerpts from Lois' stimulat-
ing letter:- "Virginia, I went to Denmark at last,
on a chartered World Airlines plane, leaving June
10th and returning July 12th (1969), I met my
Myrup cousins there and found them to be very
friendly, lovable people, I had a wonderful visit
with all of them, Hans Peter Myrup took me to
Myrupgard, once the home of my grandfather Lars
Myrup. We hiked over the dunes to see the North
Sea, while he told me as much as he knew of our
common ancestors, We visited others of our
Myrup relatives and then he took me to Thisted
to the Missions Hotel where I stayed for six days
on my own. I wanted to get as much Thisted
atmosphere as I could and I felt I could do this
best when I was alone. I fell in love with Thisted!

"When we crossed the Limfjord. ‘goose
pimples' came out on me. This was Christensen
and Myrup country! The water even looked
familiar, like I'd seen it before! At Aalborg it
looked like a wide river but at Thisted it seemed
like my own special sea! Denmark wasn't always
as: fertile and productive as it is now, but I'd like
to. think that it was much the same when our loved
ones lived there. Pictures of Thisted (in the
Museum) in the year 1849 show it as a very small
village. Most of the houses were small compared
“to the beautiful red-tiled farm houses that now
stand out so picturesquely against the green fields
and the many nearby man-made forests. The
Viking arrow heads, spear heads, stone axes in |
the Thisted Museum were not the remains of
unknown Indians! These things were made by our
own ancestors! These burial mounds undisturbed
in green fields! Ancestors! We came from Viking
country, Virginia! I saw the evidence all around
in Thisted Amt (Thy), more than in any other part
<span id="page-??"></span>
978
of Denmark.

"Later on I went on a bus down to see Gettrup,
Iwas alone I thought, but now I don't know. I met
only one family in Gettrup and this in rather an odd
way. The strange meeting in the churchyard con-
vinced me that something or somebody intended for
us to meet. Iwas just coming out of the Parish
churchyard of a lovely old church with its surround-
ing 'grave plots’, family plots which were like
individual gardens complete with small hedges,
blooming plants, small evergreens and rose bushes.
I had walked among the tombstones and recorded.
names and dates of all Chr istensens,. Kristensens
and Lauritzens buried there. ae

"As I went to leave I met beautiful, ‘dark--
haired Mrs, Oxlund at the gate. She looked sur-
prised to see me there. I smiled at her and said:
'Good morning’. Do you speak English? ' She:
smiled,. shook her head and Said, 'Nej!. I then —
asked, 'Do ‘you know anyone else who ‘does?! _ She
looked bewildered so I tried something else. 'Do
you know. Christensens?' I said, ‘Ja, Ja', she
said and motioned for me to get into her car. (The
‘Vest Vind' was blowing hard that day), ‘Then she
turned.and looked at me questioningly, That was
when I:decided to show her my. picture of Myrup-
gard, though why I-shall never know... ‘Myrupgard'
I said,-'the home ‘of some of my ancestors’, =.
'Myrupgard!'.- she stared at.the picture and then s
at me - 'Myrupgard !' Suddenly she threw her. =:
flowers onto the back seat;,(she:- had come to put. «
them on her mother's grave), started her car:and
took me to see her husband who asked to see the.
picture I brought. He spoke English rather well.

4T'Who sent you to ‘us?! he asked in bewilder-
ment; 'I know this place, Myrupgard; my family.
and I have been there’ many times, It is owned by
my brother-in-law. Did-he tell, you to come to us?!
'No, no! I.said emphatically, staring at him, ' ‘I
just came to see Gettrup because my grandmother
was born near ‘here. Mr.. ‘Oxlund, ,is there anyone
else in Gettrup who would have known about Myrup-
gard?' iNej, | Ne}! he said, as excited as I. ‘Iam

the only one. ae
<span id="page-??"></span>
979

"T met your brother-in-law' I said, ‘but he
honestly didn't know I was coming down here. I
just can't believe this happened as it did. In five
minutes I would have left the churchyard when I
met your wife at the gate - just like someone
wanted us to meet!' I wonder now, Virginia, if
the Oxlunds felt the spiritual implications of our
mutual experience as much as Idid. They felt
something - I saw it in their faces as we stared
at each other. They would not let me go. I spent
the rest of the day until my bus was to leave (at
3:30 p.m.) with them. Mr. Oxlund took me to see
the only remaining Christensen in Gettrup, but she
was nota relative. He also contacted the oldest
man in Gettrup who remembered a Christensen
farm there but the family had all moved away.
They took me to see the Parish Priest but he
seemed rather reluctant to look up records when
I wouldn't even give him a date as to when and
where the last Christensens left Gettrup. Both
Mr. and Mrs, Oxlund looked a little perturbed
when I told them Iwas a Mormon and lived in Salt
Lake City; but they were lovely people and very
soon we were talking like old friends,

"Virginia, Gettrup had many beautiful farms
but the town itself was very small. There was a
store, a cafe, a drive-in with its familiar ‘Is Ees',
meaning ice cream, milk nickles, cones, etc.
There is also the lovely old church I mentioned,
Actually though it is a beautiful place! I think
Maren must have wept many times remembering
the green, rolling fields, the Viking mounds, the
Limfjord, the 'West Sea' and the low hanging clouds
drifting in from the ocean, But perhaps it is
greener now than it was in those days.

"It was a wonderful day! Danish homes are
unbelievable clean and beautiful and Mrs, Oxlund's
was particularly lovely! There were draperies
patterned in Danish blues and sill length curtains
of Danish net bordered ina lacy design. Every
piece of furniture, every painting, rug, clock,
etc., seemed to have been chosen because it fit
perfectly into the place or space where it stood
or hung. 'You love blue', I said to her, looking
around; for even the china on her dining room table
<span id="page-??"></span>
, 980
had a 'blue' picture of sea gulls flying.

"Denmark and sea gulls - how they do go
together! These are smaller gulls than ours,
some with black heads and dark grey wings, Every
time I looked up I saw gulls flying - and at Myrup-
gard the larks winging overhead, singing their con-
stant cheery little song high above the grassy dunes
as cousin Hans Peter Myrup and I looked out towards
the sea, These are pictures I shall cherish always!"
