(65) LaMar Christensen Clark (9) Cousin
LaMar called on me at my home in Provo Satur-
day 20 Mar. 1967 and gave the following short
account of himself:-.''I was born in Goshen, Utah
County, Utah 14 Oct, 1928. I started school in
Santaquin, first in elementary and then graduated
from Jr, High there, I attended Payson High parts
of three years but did not graduate, staying out of
school at times when work was available, I got
odd jobs with farmers, in the onion and potato
harvests, etc., and herding cows,"!

His sister Tresia tells of one incident in his
life:- '"It was difficult for our father to keep our ©
big family in shoes, Clothes could be made over
or handed down - but shoes wore out. One time
when LaMar was about twelve years. old he was
herding cows down by the canal and kicking his
feet out over the stream as he sat resting on the
bank. One of his oxfords came off and fell into .
the stream and he was unable to recover it. These
were his only shoes, He was frightened and didn't
dare tell Father, but confided in me. He sluffed
school for a number of days and went barefoot
over to Salem and worked in the potato and onion

ttt
<span id="page-??"></span>
LaMar C, Clark 962

harvest until he had earned enough money to buy
himself a new pair of shoes. Not until then did he
tell Father or go back to school."

LaMar continues his story:- 'I learned the
value of money early - and the hard way. I learned
to work for the things I wanted. As soon as I could
I got a job working at Ironton, just south of Provo,
and when I was eighteen, in Nov. 1946, I started
working for Geneva Steel of Provo in the open
hearth department. Jam still working there after
more than twenty years, but I have had a number
of advancements and am now a crane operator,

"TI met my wife, Georgina, when I was attend-
ing school in Payson. Iwas sixteen. Two school
friends took me to her home in Nephi and introduced
us, Iwas impressed and she must have been also,
for we began going together right away. She was
my first real 'girl friend'. We went together much
of the time for two and a half years and then were
married, 1 June 1948, during a wedding party in
our honor at her home ward church in Nephi. The
marriage ceremony was performed about 10:00 p.m.
by Bishop Brockbank,

: 'We honeymooned in the canyons of southern
Utah,. then moved to a home at 355 East 4th North
in Provo, where we rented an apartment. Later

- we bought a trailer house in Orem and lived there
for about a year. It was while living in this trailer
house the spring of 1949 that our first child, Nancy,
was born in the. Payson hospital. Next we sold our
trailer and rented a home at 455 North 2nd West in
Provo where we lived for three years, It was while
living here that our second daughter, Marla, was
born in the Provo hospital.

"Then we bought a home in American Fork at
950 West Main Street where we lived for about eight
years, It was in the American Fork hospital that
our last three children were born, another daughter
and two sons, In the meantime we began buying a
lot at 396 West 3rd North in American Fork and
on this we had a nice three bedroom brick home
built and moved into this, where we are very com-
fortable and happy.

"My hobbies and special interests are hunting
<span id="page-??"></span>
963 LaMar C. Clark

and fishing, golf, bowling, raising flowers and a
vegetable garden (when there is room); also car-
pentry and do-it-yourself projects. Among other
things I built the garage we had on our first Ameri-
can Fork place, I have become more active in the
church recently and now go home teaching. We
like our ward here,"

As I looked at this gentle, sweet dispositioned
young man in his late thirties, light complexioned
with curly hair beginning to recede a little, I thought
how much like his grandfather Christensen he was,
Rather short but sturdily built; yes, he was his
grandfather's boy. I thought also that here was a
self-made successful man who was gathering the
good things of life around him - a fine home, a nice
car, a lovely family, and conveniences to make:
them happy. He was finding time to work inthe’
church and to indulge some of his many hobbies,
along with his family. . .

LaMar took up a new hobby. He bought ~
himself a motorcycle. On Sunday July 28, 1968,
after dinner, he felt a little under the weather and
decided to take a little ride to get some air. He
got on his motorcycle and headed toward Alpine. ©
Sometime later his machine struck a railroad
track and he was thrown off onto his head. He.
was rushed to a nearby Murray hospital and his
family was summoned. But he never regained
consciousness and died that night about 9 p.m, in
the hospital there, Funeral services were held
for him in the American Fork Third Ward chapel
the following Thursday at 1l a.m, and he was
buried in the Nephi, Utah cemetery beside some
of his wife's people.

His wife, Georgina Ockey, was born 17 Apr.
1929, in Nephi, Juab, Utah, the daughter of
Edward Burton and Ida Ann Wilkey Ockey. She |
and their five children survived him, as well as
one brother and four sisters,

Children of LaMar Christensen Clark and
Georgina Ockey:--

(A) Nancy Lee Clark born 21 May 1949 in
Payson, Utah.
<span id="page-??"></span>
Kathryn Christensen 964

(B) Marla Jean Clark born 12 Jan. 1953 in
Provo, Utah.

(C) Carolyn Clark born 9 Aug. 1954 in American
Fork, Utah.

(D) Edward LaMar Clark born 17 June 1957 in
American Fork.

(E) Danny Ray Clark born 3 Feb. 1964 in
American Fork.
