(57) LaPreal Bartholomew (5) was born 8.
Feb. 1921 in Goshen, Utah; blessed 1 May 1921
by William K. Thomas; and baptized 20 July 1929
in Goshen Hot Springs by David Poulsen. In her
mother's Book of Remembrance she writes of her
youngest child, LaPreal:- ''She was born in a four-
room adobe farmhouse on the ranch of Robert
Boswell near Goshen, Utah. When five years old
she had whooping cough and at age eight was vac-~
cinated for smallpox. She attended the Goshen
public schools through the first four years and
then, since our family moved to Payson in 1931,
she went to fifth grade in Payson where her teacher
was Miss Melba Loveless. She finished the Junior
_and Senior High Schools in Payson and then entered
Brigham Young University in the fall of 1939, _
majoring in foods and nutrition and receiving her
BS degree in June of 1943,"

On 28 Apr. 1944 in San Francisco, Calif.
<span id="page-??"></span>
LaPreal Bartholomew 918

LaPreal married Gene Francis Loveless (b, 12
Feb. 1920 in Payson, Utah to Owen and Virginia
Harper Loveless), A Payson newspaper later
carried this report:-.'""The marriage’of Miss
LaPreal Bartholomew, daughter of Mr. & Mrs,

A. C. Bartholomew, and Lieutenant Gene F. _
Loveless, son of.Mr.-.& Mrs, Owen Loveless,

was solemnizedrat.the LDS chapel in San; Francisco
with, Bishop C,( Ws: Nalder officiating. The double
ring: ceremony was used.:-The bride wore a beauti-
ful, aqua-blue afternoon dress with corsage of
gardenias. and pink reses, Owen Loveless acted
as best man for his-son. Immediately following
the ceremony a wedding supper was given at the
home of Mrs, Mable Harriman, grandmother of
the bridegroom. Mr. & Mrs. Loveless left for a
short honeymoon trip. They will reside at Chico,
California, '! coer Geet?

LaPreal writes, "I married: Gene F, Loveless
during the height of World War ll: This was no sur-
prise since we had grown up and gone to school
togethér in Payson. As a pilot‘in the airforce he
was later shot down over. Germany and died 6 Nov.
1944, His body was brought to Payson where he
was given a military funeral, 12 Nov, 1944. We
had no children and I have not remarried, instead
devoted my time and energy to my profession,
which is in the field of teaching. nutrition to both
the public and in schools.

"Having received my BS in nutrition and
education at BYU, I went to New York. City and
there received my MS and dietetic training from
Columbia University Teacher's College. Then.I
went to California where I received my MPH (the
equivalent of a Doctor's degree in my field), from
the University of California at Berkeley. I went
to Hawaii to teach in the college there where I
arrived by boat 14 Sep. 1953. Thus I have lived

_in New. York, Hawaii and California, which is now
my. home, and loved them all.

_"Tenjoy travel - seeing new people and places,
My civic services have been in connection with my
work in national and local organizations. I have no
desire to set the world on fire but live a quiet life
with my hobbies, friends and work,"
<span id="page-??"></span>
919 Cullen Yates
