(17) Louis Lucien Christensen (7) was born
20 Aug. 1903 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah in the old
Wasden home across the road west and a bit south
from the rock house owned by his Christensen grand-
parents, His grandmother, Else K,, likely served
as midwife on that occasion,

Lucien wasn't much more than a toddler when
his family moved a mile or so west of Gunnison to
live on a ranch owned by his father's brother, Albert.
<span id="page-??"></span>
741 Louis Lucien

The skeleton of the small log and lumber farmhouse
they lived in then is still standing (1969) on what is
now the Ray Taylor ranch, Lucien and his sister
LaFaun, two years older, were great pais. There
was no one else to play with on the ranch except
their baby brother Rex, who was sickly. Some-
times they got lonesome. LaFaun tells about
Lucien and herself running away from the ranch
one day and walking all the way to Gunnison before
they were "apprehended",

- Lucien was baptized a member of the LDS
church 5 Sep. 1911 in the beautiful Manti Temple,
a privilege made possible at that time to children
who turned eight in Sanpete Valley. Not very many
children of the church had the opportunity of having
their baptism ina temple. Soon other places were
provided for those of Sanpete Valley also,

Lucien remembers, while a boy in Gunnison,
of driving up to Manti to visit his Danish grand-
parents quite often, along with the rest of his
family. In the wintertime they would heat large
rocks to put under the quilts that covered them in
the buggy, to keep their feet warm. He says he
always looked forward to those trips with great
anticipation and happiness,

His father was away from home with the
sheep so much of the time, both winters and sum-
mers, but when he was home they had such good
times together. He remembers well the many
trips he and his father took together in the moun-
tains in the Gunnison area and later in Wyoming.
They would travel all day in the mountains, catch
fish for dinner and camp all night. He really
enjoyed those trips as a boy. He has always
enjoyed fishing, hunting and horseback riding,
ever Since he was a small lad.

Lucien was only a few months past five years
old when his father bought his grandparents' rock
house on the corner of Second West and First North
in Gunnison, This house is still standing and now
owned by Ella Knighton Hansen, Lucien visited
that home this past year (1968) for the first time
in fifty-two years, He also visited the home in
Mayfield, Utah where his father was born in 1880,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Louis Lucien 742

which is still standing and in use, and he visited
his Christensen grandparents’ graves in the Manti
Cemetery, which is overlooked by the beautiful
Manti Temple where he was baptized.

It was from the rock house in Gunnison that
Lucien first started school the fall of 1909. He
attended the public school there until he was just
past twelve-and-a-half, when his family left Gunni-
son and moved to a ranch not many miles from
Lyman, Wyoming, where his father had taken up
a homestead, On 27 Mar. 1916 the Louis D.
Christensen family, together with Aunt Elsie
Bartholomew and her five children, left Gunnison
by train headed for Wyoming. They had all slept
the night before at Aunt Emma and Uncle Charlie
Peterson's place, who lived about a mile from the
Gunnison depot. There were six children in the

Christensen family at the time: LaFaun 14, Lucien
124, Rex 10, Dale about 63, Weldon just turned 4,
and baby Alice nearly 2.

Reaching Lyman, Wyoming the group were
taken to the ranch they called ''The Oasis'' some
few miles east of Lyman, They all lived for some
weeks in two rooms of the four-roomed ranch cabin
belonging to their father's brother Chris, until
homes could be built, one on each place that Louis
and his sister Elsie had homesteaded, LaFaun
remembers that until then they were so crowded
that some even had to sleep on top of the big table
and some under. Cousin Edith Bartholomew
remembers that she was always hungry then -
there never did seem to be enough food to satisfy
them all.

Two summers living on The Oasis followed
for Lucien and the others, during which time ''fire-
bugs'' tried to drive them out, destroying one home
built by his father and, after several attempts,
burning down the other which replaced the first.
The year's crops of his Uncle Chris were destroyed
by fire, his Uncle Chris killed. They were forced
to guard what they had on the ranch with guns,
Details of this period have been given in earlier
chapters of the book. .

The families moved into Lyman in winters
<span id="page-??"></span>
743 Louis Lucien

so the children could attend school, Lucien
finished the grades in Lyman. He says, ''I could
hardly wait for school to let out each spring so
that I could spend the summer on our ranch east
of Lyman, Iwill never forget the good times I
had there - nor the heartaches !"'

His father became sheriff of Uinta County,
Wyoming and the family moved to Evanston, the
county seat. Here Lucien attended High School.

He says he played a little basketball and football
there but wasn't too good at either, Always a
modest fellow and rather quiet, we could expect
him to say that. Although he is a bit above average
in height, he has never been husky; quite to the
contrary, which might have accounted for any lack
of success he may have felt he had in football.

After graduation from High School Lucien
took a job as ticket clerk for the railroad in
Evanston. In 1925, when the family moved to
Cheyenne, Wyoming, for a time he transferred
to Cheyenne and went to work for the railroad
there, serving in many different capacities for
that organization, During the depression of the |
1930s he was laid off from the railroad for a year,
during which time he went to Ogden, Utah, and
lived with his sister LaFaun and family for a
while and then spent the winter at a C C camp
near Los Angeles, Calif,, which he says he
enjoyed. It was a change from railroading. He
was active in the church in Cheyenne, serving as
Assistant LDS Ward Clerk for several years.

He was nearing thirty-two years of age when
he finally married, He and Dora Edith Thompson
were wed in Ogden, Utah, 4 June 1935, They
made their home in Cheyenne where two sons were
born to them: Louis Lucien Jr. and Robert James,
whom they called Jim, But things didn't go well
with Lucien and Dora and they were divorced,
About ten years later Lucien married a divorcee
with three young children, Mrs. Marie Victoria
Nelson Hickey. He did not adopt these children
’ but he practically raised them. He and their
mother lived together many years until these step-
children of his were grown. But their later mar-
ried.years were unpleasant ones, especially for
<span id="page-??"></span>
Louis Lucien 744
Lucien, and they were finally divorced,

Not long afterwards he retired from the rail-
road because of poor health. He had become very
nervous, He worked his last day in Cheyenne 7
July 1965, Cousin Byron Peterson says that
Lucien worked thirty-seven years without missing
a pay check - this is entirely possible. Itisa
long time to have one's ''nose to the grindstone".
He moved immediately to Salt Lake City and
secured his own apartment. His retirement pen-
sion plus a lifetime pass on the railroad makes it
possible for him to enjoy life with little financial
worry, since he lives modestly. He lives alone
and, besides traveling quite often to visit relatives,
he attends dances and other Senior Citizen activi-
ties. He loves social dancing and is a good dancing
partner.

But Lucien's main hobbies today are his two
tall and hdndsome sons, each pushing about six
feet three inches, Both are doing very well, Jim
in real estate in the Walnut Creek, California area
and Louis Jr. as General Manager of the large
Woolco Department Store in Phoenix, Arizona.

He spends quite a bit of time with these boys and
their families, visiting each about three times a
year.

His two sons (and their families) by his first
wife, Dora Edith Thompson (div.) both born in
Cheyenne, Uinta, Wyoming are:--

(A) Louis Lucien Christensen Jr., born 8 Feb.
1936; md. 16 June 1956 in Walnut Creek, Cali-
fornia, Carolyn Lola Smith (b. 14 June 1936,
Tucson, Arizonato Mr, & Mrs, Hubert P.
Smith) Children: -- ,

I, Sherlyn Lou Christensen, b, 7 Apr. 1957,
Walnut Creek, Calif.

Il, Kathryn Sue Christensen, b. 8 Sept, 1958,
Walnut Creek

Ill. Louis Barton Christensen, b. 6 May 1963,
Monrovia, Calif,

(B) Robert James Christensen, born I Dec. 19373
md. 21 Nov. 1959 in Reno, Nevada, Rayma
Antoinette, or ''Toni!'' Kinnee (b. 26 Oct, 1938
Yuba City, Calif., to Lloyd B. and Patricia
<span id="page-??"></span>
745 Edgar Dee

Helene Peet Kinnee.) They have no children
at present.

{18) Edgar Dee Bartholomew (5) was born
21 Aug. 1903 in Fayette, Sanpete, Utah. His
mother wrote a history of him and placed it in
her Book of Remembrance from which we quote:--

"Edgar was blessed by his paternal grand-
father, Bishop John Bartholomew, 4 Oct. 1903 in
the red stone church in Fayette. His grandmother
Christensen took him to the Manti Temple 5 Sep.
1911 where he was baptized a member of the LDS
church by Quincy G. Crawford and confirmed the
same day and place by Nils O. Anderson Jr. He
was ordained a Deacon in Gunnison, Utah 7 Nov.
1915 by Adolph Peterson.

"Edgar's family moved from Fayette to
Gunnison the spring of 1907, when he was nearly
four. His father bought a fine red brick house
there from Lafe Bown, Edgar started grade
school in Gunnison, beginning in the fall of 1909
when he was six and continuing each school year
until the spring of 1916 when he was going on thir-
teen, The red brick house was sold to his Uncle .
Arthur Christensen and he and his mother and
brothers and sisters moved into Uncle Arthur's
old house in southwest Gunnison, once owned by
Uncle Chris. This was in the late fall of 1915.

"On 27 Mar. 1916 Edgar, together with his
mother and brothers and sisters and also his
Uncle Louis Christensen's family left Gunnison
by train for Lyman, Wyoming, from where they
moved onto a homestead about six miles east of
Lyman, which had been taken up by their mother.
Here the family lived and worked in summers and
moved to Lyman in winters where the children
could attend school. Edgar must have finished
grade school there. ©

'In the spring of 1918 his family moved to
Ogden, Utah, where his father had bought a nice
new home in the Fourth Ward. Edgar attended
. school that winter in Ogden. He was ordained a
-Teacher in the LDS priesthood 1 Apr. 1919 by
<span id="page-??"></span>
Edgar Dee 746

Hyrum E, Lund. The family moved back to Lyman,
Wyoming that spring and lived for another year,
Edgar again attended school in Lyman,

"The spring of 1920 his family moved to
Goshen, Utah, on the Robert Boswell farm,
Edgar helped his father on the farm, He loved
to ride horses and became very proficient in that,
soon taking part in rodeos, He was also interested
in electrical work, He got a job with the Phoenix
utility line, working from Santaquin to Eureka
under Superintendent Whipple, and enjoying the
work continued in that occupation,

"In 1928 he worked in Chicago,. Illinois and
then in northern Texas for Texas Power and Light
Company. . Then he worked in Merida, Yucatan and
then in Mexico for awhile, returning to Utah in
September 1930, He started work for the Tintic
Standard Mining Co. at Dividend, Utah, and worked
there during 1934/35. In 1936 he went east and
worked in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. During
World War II he worked in the shipyards. From
there he went to Louisiana and Mississippi, work-
ing for Stone and Webster Electrical Co. He then
went to work for an electrical company in Alabama,
Mississippi and Tennessee, from where he was
called to Little Rock, Arkansas to supervise some
electrical construction lines going out of that area,

"] May 1953 Edgar returned to Utah and went
to Moab and worked in the uranium business until
Jan. 1954 when he went to Salt Lake City to have
surgery for the removal of a cataract from his
right eye, by Drs. Palmer and Quinn, (During his
recovery his father passed away, 6 Mar. 1954)
After two months rest he returned to work at
Moab‘but had to quit again for surgery on his left
eye. A cataract was removed from that eye 11 Jan,
1956 by the same doctors who took care of the right
eye. Both eye operations were successful, While
recovering from the second he had some improve-
ments made at the family home in Payson, where
he lived with his mother whenever he was in the
area - anew gas furnace and water heater and an
Admiral color TV installed. When fully recovered,
Edgar returned to: Moab where he was interested in
some uranium claims, returning to Payson from
<span id="page-??"></span>
747 Edgar Dee

time to time to look after the needs and interests
of his mother,'!!

Following the death of his mother in June
1964, and after the family home was sold, Edgar
returned to Moab, Utah to make his permanent
home, During 1966 he built himself a large boat
to sail on the Green River there. He also owns a
large trailer house in which he lives, and some
uranium claims. He enjoys life, working his |
claims, prospecting, fishing, boating, and has
become a typical "rock hound", He is unmarried
at the present time (1969) and has no descendants.
