(61) Mabel Norma Christensen (4) writes her
own history:- "I was ushered into this world, I'm
told, in the midst of a rain and wind storm on the
morning of Friday 13 Apr. 1923, in the family
home at Manti, Sanpete, Utah, the seventh child
<span id="page-??"></span>
931 Mabel Norma

of my father and the second of my mother. Ihave
few recollections of living in Manti however, since
we moved to Provo when I was nearing two-and-a-
half. Less than a year later we moved to Orem,
Utah and lived on an 83 acre farm which became
home to me during the rest of my growing-up years.

"Climbing up the steep, dark basement steps
on my first visit to that home in Orem still clings
to my memory. Other features that were to
influence our daily lives were the outdoor toilet a
considerable distance from the house down by the
chicken coops; the water pump just a few feet from
the back porch from which all our culinary water
was obtained, and damp cloths over perishable
food placed in the open kitchen window as a means
of refrigeration. But despite what seems to be
primitive conditions to us today, I remember no
feelings of frustration for lack of conveniences,
except when the roosters would chase -me on my
desperate dash to what I called the 'lugly tote'.

"My sister Kathryn's arrival was a joyous
occasion, but during mother's stay in the hospital
the news arrived that her sister Ida had been. killed.
Her home was right across the street from ours in
Manti. The fall after Kathryn's birth I started
school at the Spencer Elementary, thoroughly
primed by both Father and Mother as to the
importance of an education, Though I didn't
always feel the need of bringing home a straight
‘A' report card, yet Ican never remember béing
flippant about the grades I received.

"As the middle of my second grade year
came it was suggested to my parents that I, along
with three others, be promoted to third grade then
and there, In spite of brother Phil's special tri
home from the U of U to try and prevent this, (he
knew of what he spoke, having had three special —
promotions himself) I found myself in the world —
of third graders, But often the emotional maturity
ofa child is not sufficient to cope with such social
changes, and looking back I find that I was a prime
example, It seems I was always at odds with my
friends and ended up playing with youngsters
either younger or older,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 932

"School work I usually enjoyed and seldom
encountered much difficulty with it, except when
it came to creative writing. An experience that
happened in Mr. Cordner's seventh grade English
class provided me with the greatest object lesson
in honesty that I can remember, We had each
been assigned to write a story, the best of which
was to receive a prize, I made several attempts
but each one ended in complete failure. Finally in
desperation I solicited Mother's help on the last
night before the assignment was due. She agreed
to help me but as the hour drew late, sent me off
to bed, promising to assist me next morning. I
awakened to find a very sweet story she had written
available for me to copy. But time was short and
the story long so I handed it in in Mother's hand-
writing. Ireally was feeling shabby about the
whole thing when I was called up front to receive
a fine Eversharp pencil for winning the story
contest, Iwas appalled - and literally hated the
sight of that pencil, and managed to lose it as soon
as possible,

"That summer Father bought a house trailer
and he and Mother, Cullen, Kathryn and I set out
on atrek across the country. First we visited
Mother's brother, Uncle Yates Farnsworth and
family in California where the ocean breezes gave
me such a stiff neck it was painful to move for
weeks, But there we had a most delightful intro-
duction to ocean swimming, sunbathing - and to
10¢ malts, Ialso acquired a gorgeous sunburn
and went 'peeling' across the country. From
California we journeyed the southern route to
Washington D, C. to meet Phil, who was there
attending school and working. From here we went
to New York, Chicago, and home. We visited
twenty-four states, Canada and Mexico. Cullen
was just learning to drive and spent many hours at
the wheel in utter joy. One of the most remarkable
things about that trip was that we children hardly
quarreled at all.

"T have some definite impressions of our
family life during my growing up years. First of
all there was no doubt in any of our minds as to
who was the head of the family. We all recognized
<span id="page-??"></span>
933 Mabel Norma

in Father a man of impeccable honesty and moral
character, a person of great determination and
courage. He was a man whose decisions we
learned not to question, whose stern rebukes
were more effective than a physical whipping
from Mother or anyone else. But we also knew
him as a man capable of a deep love and concern
for his family, one who had endured heartbreak
and sorrow in the loss of his first wife and a son,
one who had weathered crippling financial disasters
but who could still hold his head high in the know-
ledge that his word was his bond and that with the
gift of life came the obligation to live it to the
fullest. — .

"T have always felt.that mine was a strict
moral upbringing rather than a religious one,
Though we children attended church as the thing
to do, Father's Sundays were spent working at
the office, and Mother's to a large extent at home
trying to catch up on her endless duties while we
children were away. As my studies became more
demanding I found Father's office an excellent
place to work. and my attendance at church became
less and less frequent. But as my church associa-
tion decreased I seemed to replace it to an extent
with a very happy association with Father. In
addition to many Sunday trips to the office, Iwas
often permitted to accompany him on short business
trips throughout the state. His love for life, of the
law, his strong political beliefs, his curiosity con-
cerning the world about him, his love of and pride
in his family - all these I felt honored to share; and
through this close association I came to know that
I could never dishonor this great man and continue
to live with my conscience,

"Growing up on a farm ina fruit raising com-
munity provided plenty of opportunity for hard
physical work, and that became very much a part
of my summer routine, Many were the days I.
spent in our strawberry patch from dawn until
evening, or packing cherries or sorting peaches; |
and many were the nights I can remember that _
Mother's head never touched the pillow, but in
the morning tables and counters of jars filled with
freshly canned fruit were ample te stimony to her
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 934

previous day's and night's activities. These were
the depression years, uo

"Not long after brother Hale's death I remem-
ber bathroom and kitchen facilities being installed
in our house along with a wonderful fireplace; but
several years passed before we enjoyed the luxury
of a refrigerator. Asking Father for money was a
painful experience for both of us, especially if it
was for something he considered a 'frivolity'. So
by the time I was in high school I managed to earn
enough money to buy most of my own clothes,
However, if we needed money for something Father
considered worthwhile, such as furthering our
education or developing our talents, the money was
made available somehow. Many a dollar went down
the drain in a vain effort to teach me how to play
the piano. But needless to say, my regrets were
great and the pangs particularly sharp on occasions
such as our family Christmas parties when everyone
was supposed to perform.

'In the spring of 1940 I graduated from Lincoln
High School, having just turned seventeen. As
Cullen had done the year previous, I delivered the
valedictorian address. To my delight I got a job
in the booth selling tickets, etc., for SCERA |
swimming pool at 12$¢ per hour and I felt that my
days as ‘official berry picker' were over, Not
that they hadn't been good days, for 1 remember
dashing home from the berry patch or whatever,
getting cleaned up and dashing off to play ball until
dark, after which I would either spend my night at
the ticket office for the SCERA theatre or enjoy the
current movie. Our ball team was terrific and we
were Sharon Stake champions for a number of years.

"Boys had definitely become an item in my
life by this time but the only fly in the ointment was
curing them of their fear of Father. On this parti-
cular subject he and I had great difficulty. I got
some comfort out of my sister Elaine's tales on the
same subject. Father later very aptly described
his attitude toward his daughters' boy friends when
he said that he had chosen to adopt the English
approach to the law in this situation by assuming
them to be guilty until proven innocent, Needless
to say, many young man's enthusiasm cooled under

<span id="page-??"></span>
935 Mabel Norma

this icy treatment and even those who survived
that ordeal never felt quite at ease in our home.
This was a situation I vowed I would ease if I
ever had a home of my own,

"T experienced a rude awakening in my transi-
tion from a 'mighty high school senior' in a small
town to a lowly freshman at BYU. The summer
after my freshman year Father, Elaine and I
accompanied my future sister-in-law, Gwen, to
New Orleans, where she and Phil were married.
That trip was really alark, Even my knocking a
cow over on a lonely Louisiana highway didn't
dampen our spirits much, since poor Bossy was
able to struggle to her feet again and merely gave
us a resentful stare. Elaine's keepsakes to take
back to her children were hilarious, I still
remember her lowering a bottle on a string down
into the Mississippi River for some real muddy
Mississippi water and her chipping off some stone
from a tomb to show and tell, .

"The Pearl Harbor attack the next December
started many decided changes in our lives. Both
Phil and Cullen were frozen to their jobs with the
F,B.I, and the following summer I started working
for the military at Fort Douglas. I loved my new-
found independence, I had never been happier.
Every day was a new adventure, Sometime during
that period I received my patriarchal blessing in
which I was counseled to return to school and
finish my education, So when Father also. started
urging my return I agreed to enroll spring quarter,
1943. It was hard to settle down to studying at BYU
again and I missed my friends and activities in Salt
Lake City. In answer to my pleas to return to the
University of Utah the next fall, Father agreed on
condition that I help him in the office that summer,
since he had lost his good secretary and was in
desperate need. That was a bargain! :

''Poor Dad! My stenographic training con-
sisted of three quarters of shorthand and one of
typing. But his patience was endless, and working
with him that summer was truly a wonderful exper-
ience. I came to love and enjoy him as a real
friend as well as a father. I began to see what a
great man he really was. I couldn't believe his
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 936

capacity for work! Alone, with only a second-rate
typist to assist, he managed to serve innumerable
clients, with his main object being primarily to
hold the law firm together until his partner sons

_ could return and share the load - and the business,
_ At the age of 72 he was putting in enough hours for
two men, That summer became a very precious
memory to me, and surprisingly provided me with
enough legal stenographic training to bluff my way
later into two excellent jobs - one in the legal
division of the State Tax Commission and the other
as secretary to the Legal Counselor for the Public
Works Committee of the United States Senate in
Washington D. C.

"When I enrolled at the University of Utah
that fall it was like going home. I rented a room
at the home of my speech teacher, Mary J.
Webster, 222 South 13th East, Living at the
Webster's was absolutely ideal. School was but a
block away, kitchen privileges were available, the
rooms were pleasant, and the Websters were the
kindest and most considerate people alive. They
had rented their rooms in the absence of three sons
who were in the armed forces, Their oldest, John,
had been missing since the previous February and
was presumed dead. Ted was serving in Africa
and Italy, Their youngest son, Reed, was on the
front in Germany. These worried parents seemed
to greatly appreciate our company in their loneli-
ness and literally made their home our home, With
the exception of six weeks, this truly was my home
for the next two-and-a-half years,

"In the middle of April of my Senior year, word
was received that the youngest Webster boy had been
wounded in action, and on May 8th the war ended in
Europe, I passed my comprehensive examination,
gave my oral recital on Ernie Pyle, graduated with
high honors, and came to worship my old, fat his-
tory professor, Dr, Creer. I would gladly have
been his slave but instead, he hired me to correct
papers and do stenographic work for which I received
a modest wage. Graduation found me more eager
than ever to remain in school; so, with a part time
job in the History Department, I signed up for six
weeks of summer school asa start ona Master’ s
<span id="page-??"></span>
937 Mabel Norma
degree in History.

"Toward the end of June I returned to my
room. one day to discover that the Webster Charm
School (as we called the upstairs area, occupied
solely by girls and long forbidden to the opposite
sex) had been invaded by a boy - a man.--well, a
male! There he was, busily vacuuming the floor
of the east bedroom with one hand, the other ina
cast from the tips of the fingers to the shoulder,
“IT had caught my first glimpse of Reed Webster, in
the flesh that is since I had often seenthe picture
of him and his girl friend from Buffalo that stood
on the piano in the Webster living room. There ~
may be no such thing as ‘love at first sight' but
let me attest to the fact that there can be instant
attraction, I thought he looked very interesting
and extremely heroic in that cast. But thenI |
quickly jarred myself back to the reality that he |
was taken and that I had been asked to vacate my.
room in August so that the young lady from Buffalo
could come and visit,

"Reed was temporarily stationed at Bushnell
General Hospital for the first. few of many opera-
‘tions necessary to regain maximum use ofhis’ ~
badly.shattered right hand and arm. During the
next few weeks his periodic appearance on the.
scene set in motion an absolute flurry of fun and -
excitement; picnics, canyon parties, beach parties
and house parties were continually in progress,
and I was often included as Reed's partner. Now
the lower reaches of the Webster house, affectionately
called the 'Ratskellar', rocked with the rumble of
-masculine voices and laughter.

"It was with real regret that I headed back | to
Orem the first of August. The next two months
owas a period of frustration for me. .The latter
‘part.of September came at last and I-returned to
Salt Lake most gratefully. Upon entering the:
familiar Webster front room, Iwas struck by the
absence of a certain picture. It was with«reak:.
interest that, 1 learned from my roomies that the.
young lady's visit had only served to convince Reed
that his foimies army interests really didn't fit’ |
“into his home environment, He and the girl from
Buffalo had completely severed their connections,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 938

Why was Iso pleased? After all, Iwas only one
among many of his feminine admirers, as evidenced
by the numerous phone calls and visits from mem-
bers of my sex who were definitely not relatives,

"Though I registered again for graduate work
my enthusiasm for further scholastic pursuits
dwindled. So I took 'incompletes' in my classes
and joined the ranks of the employed. It was fun
to have my evenings free for fun. I got a job in the
president's office at the U of U. Every girl should
have the experience of living with a group of girls
such as I did, and a whole book could be written of
the times we had - and in fact one was started by
two of the girls and appropriately titled 'I Speak
For the Bathtub’.

"Meanwhile, my attraction to young Webster
was completely frustrating to me. In his presence
I felt stupid and speechless, and I knew he con-
sidered me an easy conquest. Iwas too handy for
him. More often than not his 'dates' consisted of
a call up the stairway with an invitation to leave
shortly for a hastily arranged beach or canyon
party. But when I discovered that the girl he took
to formal parties was not me, but one of his over-
eager sorority friends, I plotted by revenge. He
would. be cut off my list, and the next time he
issued his last-minute invitation I'd tell him to
go sit in the sand.

'The chill from upstairs no doubt drifted
down to the lower levels, for Reed began to send
out 'peace feelers', Soon my wounded pride was
soothed and my self respect restored - Iwas ready
to continue this game of cat and mouse with this
Webster 'playboy'. By no means did either of us
entertain the idea of going steady, On every fur-
lough he continued to cut a mighty swath among the
local damsels while I managed to provide him with
sufficient competition with an ever-increasing num-
ber of young men - most of them recently returned
from the service,

'The spring of 1946 Reed completely erased
my former resentments of his ways of dating me
by inviting me to the Military Ball at the University
of Utah. It had been years since I had attended a
<span id="page-??"></span>
939 Mabel Norma

formal dance - Iwas so thrilled! By then Iwas
serving as secretary to Colonel Black in the ROTC.
I went shopping for the prettiest gown in town - and
I found it! It was the most glamorous thing I had
ever seen - a gorgeous, off-white creation of
Grecian design, which made me feel as elegant as
a queen, The amount in my purse was less than
half enough to buy it but that dress simply had to
be mine!

"Somehow the money was found, And as 1
descended the stairway on the big night, the look
in Reed's eyes told me that the gown was worth
every. penny - every 7,500 of them in fact! Follow-
ing a most perfect premiere (the fact that an exact
duplicate appeared on the wife of one of the com-
manding officers failed to dampen its happy
influence) that little dress was worn many, many
times by me, by all of my tall roommates, by my
lovely niece, Donna Southwick, when she was
crowned Days of '47 Queen, and even by my gor-.
geous sister-in-law Daryl. It was one formal
dress that literally wore out, and because of the
pleasure and service it brought to so many it
became one of my most worthwhile investments,"

When Reed went away for his various opera-
tions he never corresponded with Norma, which
left her in doubt of the sincerity of his interest in
her and turned her thoughts and consideration to
other available young men, There was among
them a tall, handsome airforce Captain and
former all-American basketball player from West
Point, named ''Suitcase'' Simpson, and there was
Harry, a studious medical student whose sterling
qualities were beyond reproach. Simpson, how-
ever, was killed in an airplane crash while
attempting a landing at Washington D. C. before
he could continue his courtship, But Harry pro-
posed and Norma begged for time to consider. As
she came home from that proposal, Reed met her
and, fully aware of his competition, asked her to
go for a ride with him,

Norma writes of this:- 'I could think of no
means of escape. A short distance from the spot
where Harry had proposed not more than an hour
before, Reed parked and, in the sweetest and for
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 940

him unbelievable humility, begged that I give him
a chance to prove his worthiness of me, Gone was
the arrogant, devil-may-care attitude, the fast
talk, the wise cracks, the big time show. There
before me,. stripped entirely of his defenses, was
a young man whose face had not entirely escaped
the ravages of the past two years of pain but still
reflected the hope, the ambition, the tenderness of
someone truly in love. Here was the person I
wanted to believe existed but of whom I had caught
but a few fleeting glimpses, He talked of the two
or three remaining operations and the years of
college ahead of him before he could earn an accept-
able living. But he pledged his life, his strength,
his ambitions to the ultimate purpose of making me
happy. ‘Other men may be able to give you more
of the material things than I', he said, 'but no one
else in the whole world could love you as much as
Ido.' I said, 'Go away and leave me alone and in
two weeks I'll give you my decision, for I can't
decide now."

Reed went back to the army and Harry
remained at a respectable distance, but it didn't
take Norma two weeks to decide, On 31 Oct, 1946
the following telegram was delivered to S/Sgt Reed
J. Webster, 39910794, McCormack General Hos-
pital, Pasadena, Calif.: 'Two weeks unnecessary
to know Tlove you always. Chris." So Harry
faded out of the picture,

Norma went back to Washington D, C. and
stayed with her brother Cullen and family and
worked, It was while here that the couple became
engaged and Norma writes of this and of their
wedding later:- ''While spending a quiet evening at
home, Cullen, Daryl and the boys having gone on
a picnic, we became officially engaged as Reed
placed a lovely diamond ring on my finger. We
both laughed as he described his journey down to
Orem to obtain my parents!’ consent. He said he
knew it sounded ridiculous but he had felt at the
time that he should get down on his knees and beg
Dad for my hand. To his relief the greeting had
been warm and permission granted without any
reservations, Mother of course had kissed him
and welcomed him as her future son-in-law, We
<span id="page-??"></span>
941 Mabel Norma
set our wedding date for September 20th,

"Sherman and Lois kindly consented to having
the marriage ceremony in their home:at Provo,
and Father agreed to perform the rites ~- it seemed
most fitting that Father, as the patriarch of our
family and a champion of the law, be the person
before whom we pledged to love and serve each.
other throughout our lives, Thus in a sweet and
simple home ceremony the evening of 20 Sep. 1947,
Reed and I became man and wife, with just a few
members of the family present, Reed's brother
Ted was best man and my dear roommate Dell, a
bride of only four months herself, was my matron
of honor, The strength of the family name I was
now exchanging for another had been a gift to me
that I was beginning to appreciate more each day.
It had been a force in my life from which I rebelled
at times but which had served to protect and help
me whenever I was in need, Iwas now so grateful
to be a member of the Christensen family.

"And Iwas, and am, grateful for my maternal
background, In Mother I had witnessed a conquest
of self far beyond my capability.. Hers was an
equally strong influence in my life, but in its
subtlety went unrecognized for many years. Hers
was atruly religious soul, in its self denial - its
unending love and compassion for the downtrodden,
in its willingness to accept the good wherever she
found it. I can think of very few instances in my
life when Mother's needs and desires were not.
considered least - and last. From the toil, the
struggle with the poverty of the depression years,
the concern for family before herself, the leve she
had for family, relatives, friends and neighbors,
there emerged a person who is the object of love
wherever she goes, No community or neighborhood
in which she has dwelt has remained untouched by
her kindness and goodness, 7 :

"Even today, at age 84, almost blind sind
very halt, she receives a steady stream of little —
visitors who love to be with her and affectionately
‘call her 'Grandma’. Letters.arrive from all
sections of the country expressing love and appre-
ciation for her. Her soul has reached out beyond
her failing body to embrace and comfort and love
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 942

the people and beauties of nature about her. In her
example the teachings of true Christianity come
alive, She has a flair for writing but through the
years of toil she has been unable to devote much
time to it and in later years seems to have lost
the desire. Unfortunately, this eldest daughter
has been careless through the years of many
written treasures given by her to me in deepest
love. But may I ever cherish the more intangible
and deeply significant gifts that are mine because
of her.

"Two 'wonderful' years were years of making
quite difficult adjustments. First of all, the time
had come when I had to try to learn how to cook,
For someone who had never prepared a complete
meal, this was no small thing. The results of my
efforts were very obvious by Christmas time and
not entirely commendable - Reed had acquired
twenty pounds and five enormous canker sores,"'

Reed Johnson Webster was born 9 Aug, 1923
in Cedar City, Utah, the son of John Urie and Mary
Elizabeth Johnson Webster. Since the history of
Reed's maturing years is more or less a history
of his married life with Norma and their joint
accomplishments, we include excerpts from this
as follows:

"T believe my first real association with God
came on the battlefields of Germany during World
War II. Though I had come from a good Mormon
home, I had drifted away from activity in the
church at about fourteen years of age. I had taken
with me, however, the knowledge that there was
a God, and as I witnessed the death and destruction
around me, I felt a close association with him. I
talked with him often, and though I felt most
unworthy I never doubted his presence. Proof of
his nearness came to me in a special way on the
morning of April 10, 1945. In an early morning
attack, as I was running along a railroad track,

a shell from a German M-88 shattered my rifle,

my right hand and forearm, and knocked me several
feet across the track. I was momentarily stunned,
but when my eyes fell upon the gaping wound in my
arm I immediately jumped up and ran back looking
for a medic to dress my wound, Five inches of the
<span id="page-??"></span>
943 Mabel Norma

large bone in my right forearm had been blown
completely away, as well as one finger and the
ends of three others.

'tAs I reached the first-aid station, which
occupied a factory building that had been captured
just that morning, I discovered that a German
doctor had also been taken prisoner an hour or
two before. He volunteered his services, and
within ten minutes from the time I was wounded a
skilled medical man was working on my arm, tying
off the bleeders, cleaning out the wound, applying
a traction splint, and administering pain-killing
drugs. There is no doubt in my mind that this
man saved my right arm, I couldn't help feeling
that God had had a hand in this, A shell had ripped
the front pocket of my jacket completely off without
leaving a scratch, I had been only an inch or two
away from certain death. Iwas grateful to God
for letting me live, but knew I had done nothing to
deserve the gift.

"By noon that day I had been removed to the
field hospital for care prior to being evacuated to
England. I was transferred from the front to an
English hospital, and from there to Bushnell
General Hospital in Brigham City, Utah, Though
I did not like the idea of being sent to an amputation
center, it was just fifty short miles from there to
my home in Salt Lake City, and I arrived home in
time to celebrate V.E. Day with my parents on
May 8, 1945.

The doctors at Bushnell General Hospital
insisted that any attempt to rebuild my arm into a
useful limb would meet with failure and that I would
be much better off with a hook than a useless hand,
Being completely opposed to their attitude I finally
managed, after six months, to get transferred to
Dibble General Hospital in Palo Alto, California.
There began the first of a series of twenty-five
major operations necessary to rebuild my arm.

"Those two-and-a-half years spent in and
out of hospitals was a difficult period for me, not
only physically but emotionally, but were perhaps
the most valuable years of my life. During this
time an extremely impatient young man had to
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 944

learn patience. Ilearned from those around me

in the hospitals a real appreciation for all my
countless blessings. And how I learned to love

and feel overwhelming gratitude for my parents!
The rebelliousness and resentment I had held
toward my father melted into a deep pride in this
fine man. No longer did I see him as a naive and
rather stupid man who failed to understand the
world as it really was, but as an honest and chaste
man who avoided the evils of the world because he
knew they did not lead to happiness, Though I had
always loved and respected my mother, her courage
through the loss of my oldest brother, her accept-
ance of my disability and encouragement through
many dark days, her quiet strength and stability -
all these and many other qualities of goodness made
me so proud to be her son, I began to realize that
even if I spent the rest of my life serving them, it
would not be enough to pay them for the gift they
had given me of being well born.

"It was these same qualities of honor and
decency that attracted me to the lovely girl who
lived upstairs. It was not an easy courtship during
my convalescent leaves, Iwas not interested in
marriage, with so much schooling ahead, and she
was not interested in me with the kind of life I was
living. It was when I discovered that losing her to
another was a definite possibility that I began to
realize that she represented the type of life and
love I really wanted. The prospect of a life with
her gave purpose to my existence and a great
desire to succeed and to be worthy of her, I con-
sider my most successful job of salesmanship that
of convincing her that despite my poor record in
school and rowdy army career I would make a good
husband, father and provider,

"The month of September 1947 was an
extremely memorable one for me, Iwas dis-
charged from the army on the 14th, married on
the 20th, and enrolled in college on the 29th, The
latter was to prove the challenge of my life to that
time. I had attended the university for one year
prior to the war, during which time studies never
interfered with my extracurricular activities, and
my grades were an accurate reflection of this -
<span id="page-??"></span>
945 Mabel Norma

almost all E's and F's, Because of a difficulty in
eye coordination I had never learned to be proficient
in reading, and as a result had experienced diffi-
culty all during my earlier years in school, Since
Thad been unable to excel in scholastic pursuits, I
turned my attention to the social, where I had little
problem, and always enjoyed the association of
many different groups of young people, sometimes
in rather questionable activities, One area in
which I gained considerable skill was in mechanics,
woodworking and building, and had it not been for
the now limited efficiency of my right hand and my
determination to achieve an education at least equal
to that of my wife, I would undoubtedly have gone
directly into some mechanical occupation,

"To say that my college degree in business
came after much blood, sweat and tears is no
exaggeration. The first two years were a living
hell to me, and only my reluctance to admit defeat
and my wife's encouragement and patience kept me
from giving up. Gradually, however, as my back-
ground broadened and I got further into my field, I
began to almost enjoy college. It was truly witha
feeling of relief, however, when graduation require-
ments were filled in December 1950 and I was hired
by Masonite Corporation as the factory representa-
tive in the intermountain area. By now I was the
father of one lovely young daughter, and in Febru-
ary of 1951 our second little girl was born, Our
marriage had been truly blessed, Not only were
we much more in love, but our two children brought
greater meaning and richness into our lives.

"After a try at a hardboard fabricating busi-
ness, Iturned my attention to an idea that had
come about as a result of an impulse to examine
the possibilities of assisting the young couples in
the neighborhood with their washing problems,
Living within a block of the University, we dis-
covered that our home was located on business
property in an ideal location for a coin-operated
laundry. With the value of the property as our
only asset, we embarked on another venture, this
time inthe laundry business, This required real
financial juggling and an unbelievable amount of
luck. In recent years I have begun to feel. that we
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 946

succeeded only because of the Lord's help. With

no money and a $10, 000 indebtedness against the
property, we were able to obtain loans during the
next few months in excess of $75, 000. A friend in
the building business hired me to supervise the
‘construction of our building, and a gentleman from
Logan leased the space in the rear of the building
for a professional dry cleaning store and paid $4, 000
advance rent, Without either of these we would have
‘been lost, We were able to buy a fine old home
nearby with almost no money down and moved there,

"The grand opening of our store was on Feb-
~ruary 28, 1961. By June of that year, after having
lost $3,000 in three months operation, the owner
of the professional dry cleaning plant in the rear
sold us the business for just $6, 000 over what
remained owing on the machinery, $4, 000 of which
was the money he had advanced us for rent, payable
at our ‘convenience, Our debts on our new venture
then jumped to $125, 000 and I was the owner ofa
‘business I knew nothing about, That we were not
among the 97% of new businesses that failed during
the first year I can only attribute to the guiding
light that came into my life during that time. At
times its presence had been so real to me, it's as
- though I haven't been in the 'driver's seat', With
at least $4, 000 per month required just to meet |
monthly payments, as well as large amounts
required to make property and sales tax payments,
I have never ceased to be amazed that to date there
‘has been a way of meeting my obligations, It
would indeed be dishonest of me to take credit for
this, for Ihave received guidance far beyond my
abilities, without which I could fail, even today,

"Prior to tearing down the old family home
where we had been living for six years, we were
blessed with two more children - a fine boy and a
third dear little daughter, We had been approached
many times by the ward teachers of University
Ward, but still had no interest in church activity.
Our two oldest daughters attended Primary with
the neighbor children, and occasionally Sunday
School, They were extremely concerned over my
smoking and on occasion would hide my pipe. One
evening, after the children were in bed, I was
<span id="page-??"></span>
947 Mabel Norma

unable to find it and, suspecting the culprit,
awakened my second daughter and. asked her where
she put it. This little girl of nine burst into tears
and pleaded with me to stop smoking because she
loved me and didn't want me to die with cancer,

She was the little one who, at the age of two, while
standing behind my shoulder as I drove to Provo,
bent down and looked into my face with all serious-
ness and said, ''We don't like cid-o-wets'. I felt
absolutely cheap, completely unworthy of the
-wonderful little souls God had given to me, and 1.
promised myself, again, that I would give up.
smoking,

"In addition to the ward teachers we were
visited regularly by members of the ward Senior...
Aaronic Committee, After considerable urging I.
accepted the invitation to accompany one of these
men as a supervisor on a San Juan River trip-with
a group of Explorer scouts. My problem in quitting
tobacco was licked during this trip. We had.also.
been invited to join a study group.at the home of
Bishop Royal K. Hunt, which we accepted, reluc-
tantly at first, but soon we began to really look
forward to our Sunday evening associations. with
the group and our lessons on the Book of Mormon,
and considered it our Sunday church meeting.

"It came time to move out of the ward
boundaries. Asa parting gesture of appreciation
for all the work our neighbors had been doing on
our behalf,’ we decided to give them a little feeling
of success for all their labors by attending church
on our last Sunday in the ward. Ieven decidéd' to
take in Priesthood meeting. Mingling with these’
fine people in these sacred surroundings brought
the realization to us of how desperately we hated
to leave them. We decided to request that our
memberships remain inthe ward. Thus began a
most rewarding association in the University Ward,
and a much better understanding of and warmer
relationship with our Heavenly Father and Jesus
Christ, We discovered that the gospel brought a
greater capacity to love each other, our children
and our neighbors, a richer and warmer associa-
tion in our home. We came to love those who were
responsible for our conversion in a way we had not
<span id="page-??"></span>
Mabel Norma 948
known was possible.

"A new bishop probably brought to us what we
now needed more - not more strength but the oppor-
tunity for developing ours through service. In
addition to attending three Sunday meetings, I began
spending considerable time at the church ona
remodeling project. The bishop's challenge in
September of 1961 to be ordained an Elder I grate-
fully but humbly accepted. I continually felt a
gnawing doubt as to my worthiness, however, and
looked upon my entering the temple as an impossi-
bility at that time.

"Some two months after my ordination as
Elder, as I was enjoying a fast and testimony meet-
ing in a rather detached way, an incident occurred
that completely shattered my composure. Our
oldest daughter, who was shy around adults and
had trouble with stuttering when under emotional
strain, suddenly stood on her feet, She poured out
her love for her Heavenly Father, Jesus Christ,
and for her family; she told of her joy in our
activity in the church. Through her tears she
uttered a prayer that we as a family could be
together in the next world as we were inthis. My
astonishment was complete, and her sweet spirit
and the overpowering presence of the Spirit of the
Lord brought a surge of tears to my eyes suchas
Ihave never known before, It was as though I had
been permitted a glimpse into eternity through the
influence of this little girl of ours and it left me
completely overwhelmed. I gained a firm convic-
tion of the influence of testimony that day. The
bishop met me outside the chapel that evening and
told me it was time I quit fooling around and took
my family to the temple. This I did on December
1, 1961. I'll never forget my joy as the six of us
knelt around the altar that evening, my three beauti-
ful daughters, my fine son, and my lovely wife, all
being joined together with me as a family unit for
all eternity.

"After teaching Course 10 in Sunday School
for approximately six months, I was called to be
Sunday School Superintendent. In the summer of
1963, shortly after his installation a new bishop
called me into his office and asked me to be the
<span id="page-??"></span>
949 Mabel Norma

Explorer leader inthe M.I, A. In August of 1964,
after having been in exploring nearly one year, my
wife and I were able to purchase the home at #3
Douglas St. in which we hope to spend the rest of
our lives, Knowing this to be a permanent move
we, with the concurrence of our bishop, decided

to change our membership to the North 33rd Ward,
the ward where we now reside. My wife and child-
ren changed immediately, but I could not bring my-
self to leave 'my boys' until another year had
passed, In late 1965 I took over the explorer post
in our home ward.

"Then came the call to be Bishop of the North
33rd Ward, which was the most humbling experience
of my life. Had I not been a firm believer in the
principle of divine revelation and inspiration, and
a great admirer of our stake leaders, I would have
seriously questioned the wisdom of this call, I
never face a congregation but what Iam over-
whelmed at the tremendous leadership abilities of
the men over whom I serve. May the Lord bless
me and help me to bring about those purposes for
which I was called.'' .

While Reed got established in his business.
Norma worked, first at the University of Utah and
later for the Union Pacific Railroad where she
started as a vacation relief but soon was ona
regular basis. Here she continued her employment
most of seventeen years with only time out to have
four fine children. Besides, she and Reed have
worked ceaselessly together building their home,
their business and in church service. Among other
responsibilities, Norma served as Relief Society
President and is currently serving as President of
the Ward Y.W.M.I.A.

The couple and their children are truly
"buddies'’, They have fun doing things together.
They boat, ski - both snow and water - ride horses,
camp out, fish, travel, hike, and swim in the family
pool, Norma's mother, Myrtle, has lived with
them the majority of the last twelve years and has
been a welcome and beloved member of their family
group, Their home is a happy rendezvous for
relatives, neighbors, friends and members of the
Ward, especially the young people. There is
<span id="page-??"></span>
George Fern Clark 950
seldom a dull moment at the Websters,

Children of Mabel Norma Christensen and
Reed Johnson Webster, all born in Salt Lake City,
Utah:-

(A) Mary Kathleen Webster born 9 Mar. 1950
(B) Daryl Suzanne Webster born 28 Feb. 1951 |
(C) David Reed Webster born 15 Sep, 1954
(D) Jan Christen Webster born 13 Dec. 1956.
