(60) Marjorie Christensen (7) was born 6 Aug.
1922 in Evanston, Wyoming. It was in Lyman,
Wyoming, however, where she spent most of her
early life. It was here that she was baptized a
member of the LDS church; here that she later
taught in the Primary organization and where she
acted as Sunday School Organist. .

It was in Lyman also that she attended school.
While at Lyman High School, from which she later
graduated, she took typing, among other subjects,
and became very efficient in it. In tests she estab-
lished what was said to be a world's record of 120
words per minute on a manual typewriter. She
went to Provo, Utah to compete with other students
from several states, During the first part of this
test she found she had typed some with her fingers
on the wrong keys so she quit typing. She probably
could have won if she had started the test all over
again since the winner made only 60 words per
minute, 7

Like her older sisters Marjorie not only

became a fine typist but an excellent pianist and
singer as well, In 1940 she and her sister Alice
<span id="page-??"></span>
929 Marjorie Christensen

went to Ogden, Utah and lived for a time with their
married sister LaFaun (then Slagowski). Here
they obtained a spot on KLO Radio singing duets
daily under the label 'Alice & Marj" - and they
were very well liked. Then Alice received an
offer as a full time piano player in Ely, Nevada,
so Marjorie went there with her.

It was in Ely that Marjorie met her future
husband, Mart Eugene Strouse (b. 27 Feb. 1920
in Malad, Idaho to John Lawrence and Amelia
Goddard Strouse). The two went to Evanston,
Wyoming to be married, 14 Mar. 1941, with both
of their fathers and mothers being present at the
civil ceremony. The couple settled first in Ruth,
Nevada but later moved to what was known as
'"New'! Ruth, Nevada. Here the husband ''Gene'!
became a supervisor at Kennecott Copper mine
and has been such for many years, They had two
children, a boy and a girl.

As is sometimes the case, heartaches come
with raising a family, Their son Eugene died on
the school grounds at "Old" Ruth, Nevada at age
thirteen, supposedly of a heart attack. Their
daughter, who married a cameraman at a TV
studio in Los Angeles, was disappointed in her
marriage and returned to her parents' home before
the birth of her first child, She later married
happily, however.

Marjorie, tall, slender, talented, “and with a
sweet personality and happy disposition, welcomed
her parents into her home about a year before the
death of her mother. In fact it was in her home in
Ruth, Nevada that her mother passed away, Nov.
1952. She remembers asa youngster in Lyman,
Wyoming her father chording on the guitar and
singing. ''Father had the best bass voice lever
heard, He sang solos in church and at church
parties and always wished that he had received
more special vocal training."

‘Marjorie worked on a few occasions after
her marriage. When her daughter, Barbara, was
in eighth or ninth grade she worked for a year at
nearby Ely, typing and selling sheet music and
records in a music store, Her last job was typing
<span id="page-??"></span>
Marjorie Christensen 930

for the Red Cross in Ruth for a year’or two. But
mostly she has concentrated her time and energy
in being "just a housewife",

In late autumn of 1967 in her home in Ruth,
Nevada she was accidently shot in the face. She
says she remembers nothing about the incident
until she came to in the hospital. This has nec-
essitated a number of subsequent trips to the LDS
Hospital in Salt Lake City for plastic surgery and
will perhaps mean others later, We wonder at
times why trouble such as this should happen to
so sweet a person. We do not know the answer.
Only an all-seeing Providence knows the whys and
wherefores of such things. Yet we know that
trouble and sorrow have a place in our earthly |
lives and that such experiences must somehow be
schoolings to give wisdom and strength and that
rich blessings will follow if we learn the needed
lessons - like a glorious rainbow ofttimes follows
a furious storm.

' Descendants of ‘Marjorie Christensen and
Mart Eugene Strouse:-

(A) Lawrence. Eugene ‘Strouse 1 born 27 Feb. 1942
in, Ely, Nevada;. died 19 Apr.c 1955.in Ruth,
, Nevada; buried. 22. Apr. 1955 i in, 1 Evanston,
Wyoming..

(B) Barbara Strouse born 9 June’ 1944 in : Bly, .
Nevada; md,.(1) 1964 in Los Angeles, Calif.,
Robert | Arrington; divorced; md (2) 4 Mar. 1966
dn Elko, Nevada, Eugene Cullins (b. 12 June
1927 in Los Angeles, Calif, to Bill and Anita
Deamas Cullins), Children of Barbara Strouse
' and Eugene Cullins:-
I. Robert Eugene (Arrington) Cullins b. 22
Mar, 1965 in Ely, Nevada
Il, Marilyn Cullins b. 14 Mar. 1968, Ely,
Nevada,
