(55) Max Albert Christensen (8) was born 10
Oct. 1920 in Salina, Sevier, Utah, the only one of
Millie's babies born in a hospital, all the others
being home births. His sister Gladys writes:
"Mother used to say that Max was a perfect baby.
She even entered his picture in the South Sanpete
County Fair one year and sure enough - he came
away with the 'Blue Ribbon'. He attended grade
school in Manti. Max was always very close to —
me, After Father died (when Max was twelve) the
two younger boys missed him terribly. Mother
was so busy making the living, so Ilalways did
what I could to compensate for their loss,"

Max as a young boy kept up a steady corres-
pondence with Gladys, Excerpts of some of his
letters are included here, all addressed to her in
Salt Lake City: 'Manti, 20 Oct. 1932... I got
the pencil box and sure like it, All the kids wish
they had one like it and I don't blame them - do ©
you? Iam getting along fine in school and like it
much better this year than lever have, I just
about forgot to tell you how I like the slippers and
thanks very much for them. . . . Dave is glad he
got the briefcase, It is raining here tonight. We
have four railroad men here and it keeps Mama
busy. Iwish you could see me in my new suit, it
is brown. Iam a Scout now, David has a type-
writer now. Mama got it of Mr. Beal. I sure like
<span id="page-??"></span>
911 Max Albert

to write on it and Dave said I could write all I
wanted to. Ihope you and Grace don't get married
because you give Dave and me such good presents
and we sure do thank you. Love, Max. ,....
Manti, 13 Feb. 1933 How are you up there? We
are just fine. We had our Boy Scout Buzzerel and
we sure did have fun, The play I was in went over
fine and they had us repeat it in assembly. Mother
is out doing dishes. Grace went back Friday and
we sure miss her, I got your valentine and thanks
a lot - the candy sure was good, We sure have a
lot of snow down here and it sure has been cold -
32° below zero. Our water froze up twice. ,

I have been taking electricity, making little motors,
buzzers, dot-dash buzzers and other things and
maybe I will get me a small dry cell battery to run
them with. John Nielson is teaching it to me and

I sure like it. Well I've said about all the news so
goodbye, Love, Max. ... Manti, Apr, 23, 1934
I got your Easter egg and thanks a lot - sure was
good, On Easter, Morlin Cox and I went Eastering
and we sure had fun. I guess you are wondering ©
how our marble tournament came out - well it came
out fine! I got first and got a big blue ribbon and it
said on it 'Grand Champion', I got first in my
room and first in Manti school. We have sure had
cold weather down here but it is getting warmer.
School is only lasting eighteen more days and I
sure hope I get into High School next year, This

is about all the news. Love, Max. P.S. Mother
and I made a good batch of beer - wish you were
here to taste it,"'

Max, his mother and brother David moved
from Manti to Salt Lake City the spring of 1936. —
His mother had purchased a roomy home at 636
East 3rd South and here Max resided until he
made a home of his own, He attended West High
School from where he graduated. The depression
of the 30's was still on and jobs were hard to find,
After high school he joined the C.C.C.'s fora.
time, Then 4 Aug. 1941, in Salt Lake City, Max.
married Mildred Fishler (b. 3 Dec, 1918 in Salt
Lake City to Phillip R. and Alice Mabey Fishler).

Then came ''Pearl Harbor'! and Max joined
the U. S, Navy and by 1 Dec. 1941 was in it up to
<span id="page-??"></span>
Max Albert 912

his ears, He was a member of the crew of the USS
Enterprise, our country's largest carrier. A
letter from him to Gladys in San Francisco, dated
11 Oct. 1941, read as follows: ''My Dear Sister
Gladys:- Yes, time does fly before we realize
where it has gone, Iam still well, young and
unhappy, and fighting for the day I will be home
again with all of you. I read your letter and when
I came to the part where you said David had joined
the Naval Reserve it almost, or did bring tears to
my eyes to think he has to come out to all this ‘hell’,
It may be glory back home but out here it is just
gruesome, and hatred for everyone and everything.
At first I did want all of them out here fighting -
now I would like to see you all stay where you are
safe. If David is determined to come though, I
hope I get to see him somewhere.

"It has been over a year now since I have
seen any of my family, even Mildred. Home
seems so awfully hard to believe and far away
that sometimes it almost scares me. I hope Iam
not ruined when I get home - this is all so terrible.
We lose friends and it just turns one away. I know
what you mean about Mildred, Ihave always known
it. She is so faithful and everything she does has
a good will behind it. I hope I can get home to
finish school and then our dreams of happiness
will be well on their way. We are doing fine
though in saving - we have a car all paid for and
five or six hundred in the bank.

"Please write me often Gladys and lets get
back in the way we used to. Somehow you always
looked after me and I surely need it now. Keep
praying, not only for me but for all the boys, and
with yours and our Christian prayers I know we
won't go wrong. Your loving brother, Max,"

A letter from Max to his brother Wesley and
family in Dividend, Utah was written some weeks
later:- ''Nov. 2, 1942 - Hi kids: No, I haven't
forgotten you although I realize it has been some
time since I have written. Iam well and we are
still giving them the old 'Enterprise Hell!' I
haven't been made Chief yet, Wes, but Iam keeping
my hopes up. I may be a hero one of these days
when I don't get too scared. I hope you are all
<span id="page-??"></span>
913 Max Albert

keeping the flags waving back home as I sure want
some of that 'Old Giory' pretty soon, also some of
that canned deer meat you have hoarded away, I
hope the kids are both OK and give them my best
love. Please write soon and give me the latest.
Your loving brother, Max,'!

The folks at home were concerned for him,
Grace wrote to Gladys: 'Have been so worried
about Max - still don't know which carrier was
sunk, No news now is good news, My heart
jumps every time I hear the doorbell,'' And
Millie wrote to Gladys (30 Nov. 1942):- ''We've
been so worried about Max. There is still one
aircraft carrier missing but since I got his last
letter I'm sure it's not the Enterprise. Mildred
is taking a month off at Christmas time. Grace
and Doug are taking a trip before gas ration
begins. . . Iwill send your ration book. We have
had some trouble getting coffee but think we'll
have plenty now as I have some in storage, .
Dave and Myrtle will fly home for Christmas.

I feel sorry for the Fishlers now they have two
sons and two sons-in-law in the war. . ."!

With everyone else in it the temptation to get
into the war proved too great for Max's wife,
Mildred, and she joined the nurses corps. He
objected, but you know how most men are about
their wives, He mentioned this in a letter to
Gladys dated 15 May 1943, fromthe USS Enter-
prise:- 'My Dear Sister Gladys: Just got a letter
from Mildred and she was awfully blue at the way
I feel, Ijust can't help it - she asked me how I
felt about her joining the service and I told her.
After all this time away I certainly hope I don't
have trouble at home like that, but I certainly
don't like it and she knew it when she went into
the army. Inthe case that Ido get home now and
she has gone overseas, as she said she was going
to do, Iam going to be in a fine fix - back to the .
States and no wife, Sous

"I almost forgot to tell you something
important, at least you won't have to go around —
with a gob, as I made Chief the first of June -
how's that? I took the examination the other day
and sure enough I knew enough to slide by. Don't
<span id="page-??"></span>
Max Albert 914

tell anyone yet as I'm not absolutely sure of it and
something may go wrong. I don't know how come
I tell you all my secrets first unless that is the
way it has always been - huh? Your ever loving
brother, Max.'!!

Max received his appointment to Chief
Pharmacists Mate and also a well deserved
furlough. A news clipping in a Salt Lake paper
of Aug. 19, 1943 tells something of this:- ''To
Chief Pharmacists Mate - Max Christensen, on an
aircraft carrier which has 10 announced battles to
its credit, including the raid on Tokyo and has
received the Presidential citation. Son of Mrs,
Millie A, Gudmundson, 636 East Third South Street,
with whom he is visiting accompanied by his wife,
Lieutenant Mildred Fishler Christensen, stationed
at Camp Fallen, Calif. inthe Nurses Corps, They
are also visiting Mrs, Christensen's mother, Mrs.
Pp, L. Fishler, 679 Second Ave."

The emotional implications of war can be
devastating to people's lives and young blood is
easily brought to the boiling point. Despite Max's
and Mildred's furlough together a rift came between
them and they soon separated, each going his own
way. Mildred re-married and had three sons by
her second husband, Mr. Bleiweiss. Max finally
broke under the strain of war abroad and disappoint-
ment at home and was hospitalized for some time.

There were many who broke under the strain
of World War Il, as there are inevery war. Max
was one of the lucky ones - perhaps his strong
Viking heritage played a part, as well as the kind
and loving care and understanding of his dear
mother and brothers and sisters, He became well
and strong again and determined to go ahead once
more. There is a ''Cinderella'' ending to his story,
for on 20 Oct. 1956 in Elko, Nevada he re-mearried
Mildred Fishler, who was by then divorced from
Mr. Bleiweis. There had never been anyone else
for Max but Mildred.

Max officially adopted the two youngest of
Mildred's three sons and they took the Christensen
name. He is manager of the Rocky Mountain Dental
Supply Company in Salt Lake City and Mildred, a
<span id="page-??"></span>
915 Max Albert

trained nurse and a good one, takes care of her
brother Dr. Kenneth Fishler's office, He is on the
staff of both the Primary Childrens Hospital and
LDS Hospital in Salt Lake. Living in the Twenty-
first Ward, both Mildred and Max are very active
in the church. He has served there as Sunday
School Superintendent and in other capacities, as
well as being in charge of Home Teaching. They
sent their son Tony on a mission to the Texas area
from which he returned in January 1967. Cousin
Sherman Christensen was pleased to find that he
had recently moved into the same ward that Max
and Mildred frequent and finds Max to be the same
outgoing, friendly fellow he has always been,

Descendants of Max Albert and Mildred
Fishler Christensen: -

(A) Anthony Bleiweis Christensen (adopted) born
3 Oct, 1945 in Salt Lake City; md. 14 June 1968,
Salt Lake City (Temple) Lynda Ruth Davis (b.

15 Oct. 1944 in S.L.C. to Duncan Hayward and

Ethel Lillydelle Player Davis). Child:

I, Jennifer Alice Christensen b. 5 Apr. 1969,
S.L.C.

(B) Richard Kim Christensen (adopted) born 26
May 1952, San Francisco, Calif. -
