(44) Mildred Christensen (8) born 18 Jan,
1912 in Coalville, Summit, Utah; died 19 Jan, 1912

in Coalville of prematurity; buried Coalville.

(45) Weldon ''D'' Christensen (7) ¢ the npn

just an initial like his father's, was born 7 Mar.
i912 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, Just. a few days
after Weldon turned four years old his family left
Gunnison by train and moved to a ranch some miles
east of Lyman, Wyoming, which was called ''The
Oasis'' by members of the family. They lived on
their homesteaded ranch in summers and in Lyman,
Wyoming, in winters for several years during which
time ''firebugs'' tried to burn them out and drive
<span id="page-??"></span>
Weldon D., 872

them from the ranch. These were critical times
for their family as well as others of their Christen-
sen relatives who had also taken out homestead
property on The Oasis,

Weldon attended school in Lyman and also in
Evanston and a short time in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
Like so many of the grandsons of Laurs and Else
K, Christensen he grew to be a big fellow, He
often helped his father on the ranch near Lyman,
Wyoming, and was the only one of the children of
Louis and Florence Christensen who chose to make
a permanent home in the area, He has had a num-
ber of unusual, impressive experiences in his life-
time, One was when the big boiler blew up on the
ranch and he and his father and others were mir-
aculously saved, Another was when his father died.
These two experiences have been related earlier in
this book in the history of his father.

Weldon has told us something of his later life
in these words:-- "I married a girl named Beth
Blackner (b. 26 Feb. 1916 in Lyman, Wyoming to
Frank and Mary Margaret Syme Blackner) 11 Apr.
1932, first in Evanston, Wyoming and then thirteen
years later, 28 Nov, 1945, in the Salt Lake Temple.
We have a beautiful daughter, Colleen, born four
years after our civil marriage and sealed to us at
the time of our sealing in the temple. She married
a man named Wallace Hart and they have three
children, They are all very wonderful.

"IT myself am 6 ft. tall, with brown hair and
brown eyes and weigh 225 lbs, My wife Beth is
5 ft, 4 inches tall, weighs 114 lbs. and has black
hair and brown eyes, We have enjoyed our mar-
riage together and have had a very deep love for
each other, our daughter Colleen and her children
and also for her husband who has been a model
husband and a good father.

‘We own our own home which we built our-
selves, which is the third house we have built here
in Lyman, Bethis a secretary to the superintendent
of the Lyman High School and has been for more
than fifteen years, Before that she was a clerk in
the Lyman Mercantile here for fifteen years, I
myself have been mostly in carpentry work but ran
<span id="page-??"></span>
873 Weldon D.

a school bus for years and raised chickens and
sold eggs on the side. I worked at Hill Field in
Utah for almost five years, first as a warehouse |
man and then as an aqua system man (aviation
gasoline with water pressure), Three others and
myself handied all the aviation gasoline on Hill

Air Force Base during the last world war, handling
hundreds of thousands of gallons of airplane gas
that serviced the planes and bombers that flew in
and out of the base.

"Twas inthe LDS Hospital for treatment some
time ago. The entrance to my heart and my left
lung aren't so good yet and I shake and am still
weak.'' A recent letter from Weldon's and Beth's
daughter, Colleen, contains the following:- 'We
live just forty miles from Mother and Dad and have
close contact with them, Our children really enjoy
them, Dad has retired, due to a heart condition;
however, Mother is still working at the school as
secretary for the District, which keeps her really
busy even though she has an ulcer," -

Descendants of Weldon np Christensen and
Beth Blackner:-- :

(A) Colleen Christensen born 26 Dec, 1936 in|
Lyman, Wyoming; md, 28 Mar, 1957 in Salt
Lake City, Utah, Herbert Wallace Hart (b. 27
May 1933 in Logan, Utah to Herbert Alexander
and Helen Covey Hart.) Children, all born in
Salt Lake City, Utah: a
I. Julia Hart b. 6 Mar. 1960 oe
Ii. Steven Wallace Hart b, 23 Apr. 1962.

Ill, Jon Scott Hart b. 6 Apr. 1964:
