(28) Rex Christensen (7) was born 10 Mar.
1906 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah in the old: Wasden
_.-home across south from the home of his Christensen
grandparents. When he. was seven days old his ©
parents thought he was dying. They called the
Elders in to give him a name and a blessing and
he recovered, but that is the reason, | his mother
said, that he had only one given name. ©

When he was yet very young:the family :
moved to:a ranch a mile or so west of Gunnison
into a rather poorly equipped farm house there,
The ranch belonged to his father's. brother Albert,
Rex was indeed a sickly baby and had some very
severe spells when he would hemorrhage from the
nose, His father was often away with the sheep.
His, sister LaFaun says that their mothe r, often
alone on the ranch except for her three small
children, pulled baby Rex through a number of
bad sick spells with her faith and prayers, She
<span id="page-??"></span>
799 Rex Christensen

remembers how her mother knelt by his cradle to
pray and how she rocked him in her arms hour
after hour in the rocking chair to soothe him -
singing a plaintive lullaby. Many mothers hada
hard time raising all their children to maturity in
those days, Rex's little brother Spencer, who
came along right after him, only lived a few weeks,

Not long before Rex turned three, his father
bought his grandparents' big rock house, across
from where he was born in northwest Gunnison,
and moved the family into it. It was here that he
lived the next seven years of his life, It was from
here that he went to the Gunnison district school
for several years - it was but a few blocks from
this home. It was from here that he left Gunnison
when he was just six days past ten, together with
others of his family, to go to Wyoming and live on
a ranch his father had homesteaded, being part of
the acreage taken up by several members of his
father's family several miles from the town of
Lyman and which they called ''The Oasis",

Rex eventually grew to be a strong, strapping
and very handsome fellow. In 1929 in Ogden, Utah,
he married Marcella Richardson, daughter of Walter
and Stella Richardson, They had one son but sep-
arated when the child was about two years old.

Rex married second, 29 Nov. 1932 in Lyman,
Wyoming, Ina Mae Packham (b. 23 Aug. 1903 in
Pleasant View, Utah, to John and Lydia Kent Pack-
ham), They had two daughters, Ina died ofa
serious illness 10 Mar. 1942 in Ogden, leaving
Rex with the two little girls. On 27 Oct. 1943 in
Ogden, Rex married his third wife, Mabel Patter-
son (b, 23 Jan, 1924 in Ogden to David Earl and
Dora Miller Patterson), They became the parents
of two sons,

For many of his last years he suffered with
emphysema, a malfunction or disease of the lungs
and reported to be the fastest growing disease in
the world today. He was unable to do any heavy
work, Mabel, avery lovely, kind and patient
person, took care of him and also went to work to
, support the family. Rex passed away at their home
in Ogden 29 Sep. 1968 and was buried in Ogden Cem-
etery 2 Oct, His wife and five children survived
<span id="page-??"></span>
Rex Christensen 800

him, as well as a number of grandchildren and
brothers and sisters.

Mabel has written of him and we quote:-
"Rex had brown hair, brown eyes, a fair complexion
and an even temper. I found him very easy to get
along with. Everyone he met seemed to like him
right away. As aman he had very good health up
until the last dozen years when he developed
emphysema, He was an avid fisherman, I have
seen him catch fish when others around him couldn't
even get a bite. He loved the outdoors and said he
felt a closeness to his Creator when on a stream or
in the hills, He recalled many summers of hard
work on the ranch in Wyoming with his father and
brother Lucien, He attended school both in Lyman
and Evanston, Wyoming. He was a boxer in his
high school years and at one time won the Golden
Glove tournament in his area,

'When Rex was just past nineteen he was
called to serve a mission for the church in New
Zealand. He had his endowment 2 Apr. 1925 and
left the mission home shortly afterwards, traveling
by train to Vancouver, Canada and then by boat
from there. He returned by boat to San Francisco
in 1928, the boat trip having taken nineteen days
each way. While on his mission he had appendicitis
and later on pneumonia. He said only the faith of
the Elders and the grace of God saved his life on
those occasions. He loved the time he spent on
his mission and he loved the Maori people. Occa-
sionally he commented on how eager these people
were to help the Elders.

"Once at a Conference there President McKay,
then an Apostle, was in attendance, Afterwards,
outside, there was an intoxicated man who was
angry with the Mormons for some reason or another.
All worked up in his anger, he approached Brother
McKay and challenged him to a fight. He raised his
fists to strike the great Apostle who stood there
calmly, saying not a word but just looking at him
in pity with those piercing eyes of his. As suddenly
as he had raised his fists, the enraged man fell to
his knees sobbing and asking forgiveness, Rex
said this incident helped to increase the testimonies
of the other people who were present - and also his own.
<span id="page-??"></span>
801 Rex Christensen

"Rex had lived in Ogden ever since he
returned from his mission in New Zealand in 1928,
except for one year in The Dalles, Oregon, where
his second wife, Ina, became ill with a brain tumor
and they returned to Ogden to be near her family,
and the six months he and I and the family lived in
Redlands, Calif, in 1950.

"He was a good husband and father, A
couple of years before his death we attended
'Project Temple! together and on June 22, 1967
he took. me and our sons to the Logan Temple to
be sealed to him for all eternity. Though we miss
him so much we realize he is better off where he
is. I am now interested in getting his genealogy
together, as well as my own." Children and des-
cendants of Rex Christensen:--

First Marriage:

(A) Walter Rex Christensen born 13 Feb. 1930,
Ogden, Utah; md. 4 July 1962 Sandra Lee
Bridewell (b, 22 Jan 1943), Children:

I. Toni Darlene Christensen b. 22 June 1963
Il, Rex LeRoy Christensen b. 19 July 1966.

Second Marriage:

(B) Florence Kay Christensen born 25 Feb, 1936
in Ogden; md. (1) 29 May 1953, Roy, Ut., Clyde
Charles Cowdin (b. 24 Mar. 1930, Salt Lake
City to Roy Norby and Lillian Parents Cowdin);
div.; md (2) 16 Feb. 1957 in National City,
Calif. Robert Eugene Stober (b. 7 Jan. 1935,
Wimmer, South Dakota to Glen F, and Roberta
Bunch Stober); div.; md. (3) 14 Nov. 1965, San
Diego, Calif., William Francis Driscoll (b. 18
Sep. 1939, Omaha, Neb., to Frank E, and Mary

Kathleen Kenealy Driscoll.) Children of
Florence Kay Christensen:
First Marriage:
I, Peggy Carole Cowdin b. 6 Nov. 1953,
Ogden, Ut.
Il, Christi Charlene Cowdin b. 9 June 1955,
Ogden,
Second Marriage:
Ill, Debra Ann Stober b. 25 Aug. 1957,
National City, Calif,
<span id="page-??"></span>
Clifton Christensen 802

IV. Robert Eugene Stober Jr. b. 17 Aug. 1959,
El Cajon, Calif.

V. Baby boy Stober b. Aug. 1960, El Cajon;
d. at birth, unnamed,

VI. Rebecca Ann Stober b. 23 Mar. 1962,
El Cajon.

(C) Carole Frances Christensen born 5 Dec. 1938,
Ogden, Utah

Third Marriage:

(D) Robert Patterson Christensen born 26 Feb.
1946 in Ogden, Utah; md, 13 Feb. 1968 in
Ogden, Cheryl Ann Hagood (b. 29 Aug. 1947,
San Diego, Calif. to Billy Jack and Afton Mary
Denstad Hagood - now Mrs. Wallace.)

(E) David Earl Christensen born 14 Mar, 1953
in Ogden,
