(67) Viola Emma Clark (9) the sixty-seventh
and last grandchild of Laurs M. C. and Else K, —
Christensen has written a few details about her
own life as follows:- "I was born 21 June 1931 in
the hospital at Payson, Utah Co., Utah. My folks
were living at Santaquin at the time. Iwas the
youngest of eight children. Mother said I was ill
quite a bit when I was small but since then my
general health has been good.

"T attended twelve years of formal schooling,
first in Santaquin where I spent the first eighteen
years of my life and then in Payson where I
graduated from Payson High School in the spring
of 1949. LIalso graduated from the LDS Seminary
there. oo

"IT met my future husband, Russell Widdison,
the summer after graduation. Although he went
into the army for three years soon after we met,

I waited for him. Soon after his return we were
married in Provo, Utah 23 May 1952. (Russell
Boyd Widdison was born 4 Sep, 1930 in Heber _..
City, Utah, the son of Joseph Royal and Ada
Harrison Widdison). We lived here in Utah for _
two years following our marriage and then moved
to Chicago, Illinois for two years where Russell
studied electronics at the DeVry Technical College
<span id="page-??"></span>
Viola Emma Clark 976

Institute. Although he later went into mechanics,
the two years study was certainly not wasted, It
was here that our daughter Darryl was born, We
moved back to Utah and our second daughter,
Cheryl, was born in our home state,

"We have lived in several cities in Utah
during our married life, including Santaquin,
Richfield, American Fork, Bountiful, and are
presently buying a home in North Salt Lake.. I
have worked as a nurses aide in nursing homes
and hospitals most of the years since I was
married, Iam presently employed at the South
Davis Hospital in Bountiful as an L. P. N. Ihave
brown hair, brown eyes, am 5 ft. 55 inches tall
and I hope I am easy going.

"T have taught Junior Sunday School for two
years, Primary for two years and am at present
a visiting teacher in the Relief Society. On 23
June 1961 Russell and I went to the temple in Salt
Lake City for our endowments and sealings and
had our two daughters sealed to us, so that our
family can be together as a family in eternity. My
life has been.a happy one and I appreciate the great
heritage given me by my good parents and other
worthy progenitors and will be happy to learn more
of them through our Christensen book. I never
knew any of my grandparents since they all four
died before Iwas born."

Children of Viola Emma Clark and Russell
Boyd Widdison:-

(A) Darryl Kay Widdison, born 20 May 1955 in
Chicago, [linois.

(B) Cheryl Gay Widdison, born 27 Apr. 1958 in
American Fork, Utah,

sie se ste ste sie
be rh ak OS

Few of the descendants of Laurs. M. C. and
Else K. Christensen have ever taken time to visit
in Little Denmark and fewer still, except perhaps
our family missionaries to Denmark, have visited
North Jutland or Thy where our Danish progenitors
came from over one hundred and three years:ago.
This summer, however, Lois Myrup Anderson,
<span id="page-??"></span>
977

Grandfather Christensen's sister Maren Christen-
sen Myrup's granddaughter who has loved Denmark
as Ido, went to Jutland to visit the homeland of our
people. She wrote to share her experiences there
with me and I want to share them with you, the
descendants of Laurs and Else K., ina hope that
they may stimulate some of us to visit there
someday also,

Following are excerpts from Lois' stimulat-
ing letter:- "Virginia, I went to Denmark at last,
on a chartered World Airlines plane, leaving June
10th and returning July 12th (1969), I met my
Myrup cousins there and found them to be very
friendly, lovable people, I had a wonderful visit
with all of them, Hans Peter Myrup took me to
Myrupgard, once the home of my grandfather Lars
Myrup. We hiked over the dunes to see the North
Sea, while he told me as much as he knew of our
common ancestors, We visited others of our
Myrup relatives and then he took me to Thisted
to the Missions Hotel where I stayed for six days
on my own. I wanted to get as much Thisted
atmosphere as I could and I felt I could do this
best when I was alone. I fell in love with Thisted!

"When we crossed the Limfjord. ‘goose
pimples' came out on me. This was Christensen
and Myrup country! The water even looked
familiar, like I'd seen it before! At Aalborg it
looked like a wide river but at Thisted it seemed
like my own special sea! Denmark wasn't always
as: fertile and productive as it is now, but I'd like
to. think that it was much the same when our loved
ones lived there. Pictures of Thisted (in the
Museum) in the year 1849 show it as a very small
village. Most of the houses were small compared
“to the beautiful red-tiled farm houses that now
stand out so picturesquely against the green fields
and the many nearby man-made forests. The
Viking arrow heads, spear heads, stone axes in |
the Thisted Museum were not the remains of
unknown Indians! These things were made by our
own ancestors! These burial mounds undisturbed
in green fields! Ancestors! We came from Viking
country, Virginia! I saw the evidence all around
in Thisted Amt (Thy), more than in any other part
<span id="page-??"></span>
978
of Denmark.

"Later on I went on a bus down to see Gettrup,
Iwas alone I thought, but now I don't know. I met
only one family in Gettrup and this in rather an odd
way. The strange meeting in the churchyard con-
vinced me that something or somebody intended for
us to meet. Iwas just coming out of the Parish
churchyard of a lovely old church with its surround-
ing 'grave plots’, family plots which were like
individual gardens complete with small hedges,
blooming plants, small evergreens and rose bushes.
I had walked among the tombstones and recorded.
names and dates of all Chr istensens,. Kristensens
and Lauritzens buried there. ae

"As I went to leave I met beautiful, ‘dark--
haired Mrs, Oxlund at the gate. She looked sur-
prised to see me there. I smiled at her and said:
'Good morning’. Do you speak English? ' She:
smiled,. shook her head and Said, 'Nej!. I then —
asked, 'Do ‘you know anyone else who ‘does?! _ She
looked bewildered so I tried something else. 'Do
you know. Christensens?' I said, ‘Ja, Ja', she
said and motioned for me to get into her car. (The
‘Vest Vind' was blowing hard that day), ‘Then she
turned.and looked at me questioningly, That was
when I:decided to show her my. picture of Myrup-
gard, though why I-shall never know... ‘Myrupgard'
I said,-'the home ‘of some of my ancestors’, =.
'Myrupgard!'.- she stared at.the picture and then s
at me - 'Myrupgard !' Suddenly she threw her. =:
flowers onto the back seat;,(she:- had come to put. «
them on her mother's grave), started her car:and
took me to see her husband who asked to see the.
picture I brought. He spoke English rather well.

4T'Who sent you to ‘us?! he asked in bewilder-
ment; 'I know this place, Myrupgard; my family.
and I have been there’ many times, It is owned by
my brother-in-law. Did-he tell, you to come to us?!
'No, no! I.said emphatically, staring at him, ' ‘I
just came to see Gettrup because my grandmother
was born near ‘here. Mr.. ‘Oxlund, ,is there anyone
else in Gettrup who would have known about Myrup-
gard?' iNej, | Ne}! he said, as excited as I. ‘Iam

the only one. ae
<span id="page-??"></span>
979

"T met your brother-in-law' I said, ‘but he
honestly didn't know I was coming down here. I
just can't believe this happened as it did. In five
minutes I would have left the churchyard when I
met your wife at the gate - just like someone
wanted us to meet!' I wonder now, Virginia, if
the Oxlunds felt the spiritual implications of our
mutual experience as much as Idid. They felt
something - I saw it in their faces as we stared
at each other. They would not let me go. I spent
the rest of the day until my bus was to leave (at
3:30 p.m.) with them. Mr. Oxlund took me to see
the only remaining Christensen in Gettrup, but she
was nota relative. He also contacted the oldest
man in Gettrup who remembered a Christensen
farm there but the family had all moved away.
They took me to see the Parish Priest but he
seemed rather reluctant to look up records when
I wouldn't even give him a date as to when and
where the last Christensens left Gettrup. Both
Mr. and Mrs, Oxlund looked a little perturbed
when I told them Iwas a Mormon and lived in Salt
Lake City; but they were lovely people and very
soon we were talking like old friends,

"Virginia, Gettrup had many beautiful farms
but the town itself was very small. There was a
store, a cafe, a drive-in with its familiar ‘Is Ees',
meaning ice cream, milk nickles, cones, etc.
There is also the lovely old church I mentioned,
Actually though it is a beautiful place! I think
Maren must have wept many times remembering
the green, rolling fields, the Viking mounds, the
Limfjord, the 'West Sea' and the low hanging clouds
drifting in from the ocean, But perhaps it is
greener now than it was in those days.

"It was a wonderful day! Danish homes are
unbelievable clean and beautiful and Mrs, Oxlund's
was particularly lovely! There were draperies
patterned in Danish blues and sill length curtains
of Danish net bordered ina lacy design. Every
piece of furniture, every painting, rug, clock,
etc., seemed to have been chosen because it fit
perfectly into the place or space where it stood
or hung. 'You love blue', I said to her, looking
around; for even the china on her dining room table
<span id="page-??"></span>
, 980
had a 'blue' picture of sea gulls flying.

"Denmark and sea gulls - how they do go
together! These are smaller gulls than ours,
some with black heads and dark grey wings, Every
time I looked up I saw gulls flying - and at Myrup-
gard the larks winging overhead, singing their con-
stant cheery little song high above the grassy dunes
as cousin Hans Peter Myrup and I looked out towards
the sea, These are pictures I shall cherish always!"=