557 Albert

But all this was before that ''special hunt" of which
Phillip tells:-- ''Father was nearing eighty when

he and a son-in-law, Dan Keeler, and myself went
on a deer hunt southeast of Strawberry. We arrived
on Willow Creek Ridge shortly after daylight and
parked our car. I shot my buck within minutes.
Dan walked out along the ridge and down into a
little draw covered with brush, tossing small rocks
and twigs on either side as he went. Suddenly
antlers appeared in the brush ahead of him - one
quick shot felled the two pointer. Coming back up
Onto the ridge Dan met father, 'Do you want to get
adeer' he said. 'Sure' said father. Dan instructed
him to go down into another little draw nearby and
gently throw rocks and twigs, as he had done.
Father disappeared into the draw as I joined Dan
On top the ridge. We were standing there talking
of our successes when - ‘Bang! Bang!' came from
the brush below - then all was still. I shouted,
'Have any luck?! In a minute an excited answer
came back: 'I sure did and he's a WHOPPER!'

We three mighty hunters returned to Orem with

Our three bucks and father's four pointer topped

the kill, It was his first andlast. This was a
8reat day for father."

; There were many ''great days'' for Albert in
his later years. They were great days for him
when he saw his children graduate from college;
When he saw his daughters taking part as "jJeading
ladies" in operas, oratorios and dramas; when he
Saw his grandsons serving foreign missions for
the Church, June 26, 1954 was a great day for
Albert for he saw his oldest son, after having
been nominated by President Eisenhower and
Confirmed by the United States Senate, Sworn In
to fill one of the highest judicial offices a Utahn
Could hold, that of Federal Judge of Utah. It was
a great day for Albert when he himself, together
With Myrtle, was able to return to the beautiful

t. George Temple, this time to workfor the
Salvation of the dead.

''\Perhaps one of the

he and Aunt
as he

the

. Sherman writes:--
Tichest parts of father's life was a§
Myrtle established a new home in Orem, ¢

€came one of the leading trial attorneys 1m
