499 Andrew

man, He loved us children but always expected us
to be well mannered and respectful. He could be
stern when he had to but he could be jolly and fun
to be with too. When he was ina teasing mood his
beautiful blue eyes would twinkle. As I remember,
he never spanked me, His most severe punishment
was sternly sending me to my room to contemplate
my shortcomings. I'm afraid Mom was delegated
to correct me for more serious offenses and this
was usually done when Papa was away. I always
felt envious of my older brothers and sister who
had been to Europe with our parents and had such
tremendous experiences, Ithink father realized
this and had every intention of making this up to
the younger members of the family, for he would
many times share his dreams with us as to what
was in store for us as soon as 'the big deal' went
through,

"My papa was one of the grandest persons I
have ever known, During the few short years that
Iwas privileged to know him, he furnished me with
some of my most vivid and cherished memories,
as well as some of the most valued lessons of my
childhood, To me he was always a kind and loving
father, coming home from his various business
trips with tales of the almost-to-be-realized for-
tune, which was his great dream during the later
years of his life, Educated and intelligent as he
was, it was very hard for mother to rationalize
his philosophy concerning his great desire to
become a man of wealth through the complicated
fields of investment and real estate. This desire
became almost an obsession with him.

"Father could well have been the originator
of the saying 'Early to bed and early to rise, etc.'
This was the way he lived and believed firmly that
everyone else should follow suit. We were never
allowed the privilege of 'sleeping in' when he was
home. Five o'clock usually found us up and doing
and, though we may have felt we were being treated
a little unfairly, we all seemed to learn not to
waste time, to take advantage of the beauty of
nature, and that working and accomplishing things
brings joy.'' Luther adds to this evaluation of
their father:-- ''He was generally up at daylight
