Albert 534

factor. It was not popular in some areas of Zion,
even in Sanpete, to be a Danishman or a Swede.
In fact, a few of the early Danish converts in
Sanpete County, and elsewhere, apostatized from
the church because of the shameful treatment
accorded them by their English ''brethren",
Likely none of these early English converts who
may have prided themselves on their "royal"
descent from England's great ''William the Con-
queror'' knew that this same William, Duke of
Normandy, was a grandson of the early Danish
Viking Chieftain, Rolf (Rollo in French) who more
or less seized Normandy from the French king in
911 A.D. Is it not an advantage to know who one
really is?

Albert was scarcely two when his family
moved from Gunnison to North Mayfield, his
parents having joined the ''United Order'' experi-
ment then in progress there. Here he was given
his first lessons at his mother's knee; for she was
deeply interested in education and studied to per-
fect her speaking and reading of English along with
her children, When the "Order'' was dissolved
there the early spring of 1877, the Christensens
moved across Twelve Mile Creek to South May-
field. It was here that Albert entered public
school for the first time, the fall of 1878, a few
months before he turned six.

When he was six and a half his mother went
to Salt Lake City to study medicine. After her
return she was away from home a great deal treat-
ing the sick or delivering babies. The children |
became accustomed to the sight of her brown medi-
cal kit, always packed and standing ready at a
moments notice, and the sound of heavy wagons
rattling up their street day or night and stopping
to pick up their mother, then rattling off again in
the direction they had come.

Following the severe, disastrous winter of
1879/80 the family sold its interests in Mayfield
and moved back to Gunnison where they lived for
a short time in a small adobe in the east part of
town owned by a relative, Lars Myrup. Albert
was then a towheaded youngster of seven and a
half and rather large for his age, His father soon
