489 Andrew

He fell in love with Sarah. The year following his
graduation they were married. This took place

1 July 1896 inthe Manti Temple. (Andrew had
been given a mission call to the southern states
earlier that year, but this was changed in order
that he might accept a call to develop the school
at Kanab, Utah.) In July or August following their
marriage, the honeymoon trip was made ina
wagon containing all of their belongings as they
made their way southeast, where father was to
serve as Principal of the Kanab District School,"!

Andrew and Sarah boarded and roomed at the
home of a son of Jacob Hamblin, Walter Hamblin
and his wife Blanch Robinson Hamblin, who had
been married only about two years themselves.
The house in which they lived is still standing and
today is owned by some descendants of the Hamblins.
A ninety-one year old lady still living in Kanab
(1968) Mrs, Blanch Hicks Mace, once lived in the
house across the road from the Hamblin place.

She remembers going there many years ago and
seeing a beautiful handmade picture of some yarn
flowers hanging on the wall. She was told that
Mrs, A. B. Christensen made the picture for
Blanch Hamblin, when they lived there together
in the Gay Nineties. Mrs. Mace also remembers
her husband, Charles Mace, speaking of Principal
A. B. Christensen, who signed Charlie's certifi-
cate of promotion from the 7th grade of the Kanab
District School, 1 Apr. 1898. This certificate is
still intact.

Andrew's children have divided their accounts
of him into three parts - Dreams Dreamed -
Dreams Realized - Dreams Unfulfilled. Edythe
writes;-- "Being the eldest child to live, I shall
write mostly of the second part, for from these
years 1 can report first hand. Father did not do
things by halves. A degree from B, Y. U. was
not enough, After two winters of teaching in
Kanab he took mother and their firstborn, Adelbert,
to Ann Arbor, Michigan, where he entered the
School of Literature at the University there. This
is when I made my appearance,!!

Andrew remained in Ann Arbor for nearly
three years and won his diploma, being graduated
