With Flags Flying 332

wickedness and lawlessness had full sway; taxation
was made oppressive and unjust.'' This condition
was also true in Ogden and some of the other more
populous areas where anti- Mormons were gaining
control, The church authorities became alarmed
and issued a call for the membership to take an
active part in the political activities in Zion. The
church-supported Peoples Party was dissolved and
its former members advised to affiliate with one
or the other of the national parties, Republican or
Democrat, Thus on May 20, 1891 the first Utah
Republican Party was organized and later nominated
their State ticket and the Utah Democrats followed
suit, organizing on June 20 and having their nomin-
ating convention July 8, 1891, In the territorial
election which followed, August 3rd, the Democrats
elected exactly twice as many members to each of
the two legislative bodies, the Council and the
House, as were elected by the Liberal Party. The
Republican vote was light. It was not until 1894
that the Republicans began showing more strength
in the valleys and the Liberal Party was dissolved.

Utah had enjoyed small political influence in
the country up to this point. Her various repre-
sentatives to the national assemblies, if Mormons,
were seldom seated without long drawn-out trials
and tribulations. Many of the Saints in the valleys
were continually deprived of their voting privileges,
especially those who were polygamists. Though
the Territory was Democratic as a whole and Salt
Lake County Liberal, the nation itself was under
Republican rule in 1891; Benjamin Harrison,
Republican, having been elected United States
President Nov, 6, 1888. This president seemed
largely sympathetic with the cause of the Saints
and on a number of occasions commuted the unjust
sentences of various Utah citizens or pardoned
them entirely. On Sat, 9 May 1891, President
Harrison visited Salt Lake City and was received
with great enthusiasm by the large crowd which
gathered from far and near, He was replaced as
president of the nation by a Democrat, Grover
Cleveland, but before leaving office the forepart
of 1893, Harrison issued a proclamation of amnesty
to polygamists for past offenses, but recommended
vigorous prosecutions against future infractions of
