381 Destiny Takes a Hand

"Dr, Hagan bumped his head on the hanging kero-
sine lamp when he delivered us twins, Gladys and
me, for I was there and heard the bang! Our
parents were proud and happy with their enlarged
family - four children under the age of four. Then
too, the way things happened was quite the talk
around town, I was born about twenty minutes
before midnight on Feb. 16th 1909 and Gladys
was born about twenty minutes after midnight on
Feb. 17th - twins born on different days. This
was quite a drain on mother's health and so it
was decided that Aunt Vena Christensen should
take me and Aunt Mary Gledhill should take
Gladys, until mother regained her strength."
Aunt Mary Gledhill (Dowdle) now well past eighty,
continues the story:-- 'When Grace and Gladys
were born Grace, a large blond Christensen baby,
came first, not long before midnight. About two
hours later, not long after midnight, Gladys, a
tiny, sickly, dark complexioned baby that looked
like the Gledhills, came. Millie, in her hysteria,
refused to own the second baby. Dr, Hagan put
her in my charge - they didn't expect the little
thing to live. I cared for Gladys in my room at
home where I fed her with an eye dropper for two
weeks, a mixture of whisky and something else
the doctor put with it, which probably helped to
save her life." ;

Though Dr, Hagan delivered the majority of
babies now in Gunnison, you could bet if a new one
was arriving at any of the Christensen's homes,
either grandmother Else K,, Aunt Vena or both
would be right there to help out, before and after,
And a number of other babies were expected by
the Christensens within the year. Arthur's and
Millie's twins weren't a dozen days old when
Joseph and Roxie had another child at their place,
the seventh, but only the fourth to live. This one
was a big, long, hungry baby and Roxie had far
too little milk to satisfy him. So every few hours
Someone took him over to his Aunt Millie's for an
extra breast nursing, since she had plenty for the
twins and some to spare for Virgil. Not to be
outdone then, Chris and Caroline brought forth
their seventh child and third son, Farrald, the
very first part of that September, And a month
