Albert 572

seemed that marriage was not for her at that time.

The summer of 1911 she again went to sum-
mer school at the A, C. in Logan for the first
session, then attended the ''Kiester Sewing School"
there the latter part of the summer, Then she
returned to teaching, this time at the Cove school
in the very small community of Sevier, some miles
south of Richfield, Utah. Here she spent the next
three winters, teaching the first four elementary
grades the first winter and acting as Principal the
next two. Some of her choicest memories stem
from that period, as she felt she was performing

a very worthy mission there aside from her school
responsibilities,

Unlike the preceding teachers in the small

community of Sevier, who commuted back and
forth much of the time,

Myrtle took up her residence
never had an eighth grade graduate, never had an

M. IL. A, organization, and where the people, old
and young,

were literally starved for the finer

things of life and truly neglected, Under her
direction the small schoolhouse became a hub of
activity during those three Winters, The Sunday
School was reactivated and an M. TS pA organized.
On M. I, A, nights young and old came from farm
houses near and far with lanterns
light the small school hous

a little longer" as they listened to the reading of a

fine novel, some bits of poetry, or joined in singing
and religious worship,

They were given new vision,
not only religious but ed

ucational and cultural as
well. 'Miss Farnsworth"!

became not only the
teacher, religious advisor, cultural stimulator,
but also the counselor, nurse, and even the midwife
on a few occasions, There were fewer school ''droP~
outs" and several students went on to graduate from
eighth grade and she

was able to assist them in
getting registered later at the Murdock Academy

at Beaver to begin their higher educations,

and lamps to
e, pleading to stay "just

Myrtle's three winters at Sevier were inter-
spersed with two terms of Summer school at the
U. of U.; for as she stimulated others to reach
higher she increased her own resolve to do so.

At
the close of her last winter's teaching at Sevier,
