Westward 188

earlier emigrants west, but turned out to be much
cheaper than the regular route had been. Thus at
9 p.m, the company left Castle Gardens and
marched through a part of New York City to a

point on the East River, where they went on board
a large steamship which had been chartered to take
them to the proposed railroad terminal in New
Haven, Conn, The night was spent sailing up East
River and Long Island Sound when, after a com-
paratively short but unpleasant voyage of 80 miles,
they arrived at New Haven at 5a.m, July 18th.
From the landing place they walked a short distance
to the railroad station where they waited about two
hours for their train to arrive. Here it was dis-
covered that in the turmoil of changing routes and
baggage, the Christensen's two large trunks, con-
taining most of their good clothes, best linens,
keepsakes and treasures, had been lost - or stolen,
There was nothing they could do about it.

When the train rolled in about 8 a.m, they
boarded the cars and left New Haven, starting
northward on their first railroad ride in America.
Their route led through the states of Connecticut,
Massachusetts and Vermont, and they enjoyed the
beautiful scenery very much. To those Danes who
had come from a low, flat country, where the
highest elevation was less than 600 feet above sea
level, the green mountains of Vermont and other
elevated points along their route appeared grand
and majestic, They traveled in 2nd class cars with
comfortable seats, all night and part of the next day.
Crossing the St. Lawrence River on the great
Victorian Bridge they arrived in Montreal, Canada,
early in the afternoon of July 19th. Montreal in
1866 had about 50,000 inhabitants. (At present it
is well over a million.) Here they changed cars.
The new train placed at their disposal here con-
sisted of a few second-class passenger cars and a
number of baggage cars - even some cattle cars
were among them, which upon examination were
found to be dirty and abominable. Their leaders
were informed that they would either have to occupy
these cars or wait at least two days for better
accommodations, and so they concluded to submit
to the inevitable, The dirty cars were swept and
cleaned out as much as possible so that they could
