Way of War 34

Things looked pretty black, but Frederick VI
still sat on his throne with his dearly beloved family
about him; 'he was father to his people and their
contact with the past, which seemed to be collapsing
so unmercifully't. But the country still existed--
Denmark had survived another catastrophe. She
had often been involved in the political strife of
Europe, often ravaged by foreign troops or written
off as an independent State by her neighbors; but
she had never been completely conquered or sub-
jected to foreign dominion--somehow she had
always managed to pull through. Oh yes, she had
had her days and her moments, but the country was
too small to stay ''great"’. Slowly trade started
again and shipbuilding, poetry-making and painting.
(Danes then mostly painted ships--great men-o'-
war with billowing white sails ploughing through
the water, in and out among the bright green
islands. )

When the old King died in 1839 he was gen-
erally mourned. With him a whole era passed to
the grave--a Denmark that would never return. It
was an era of reverses and deep disappointments,
and perhaps mistakes, ''but after all it was asking
‘quite a lot to be able to steer a Ship of State
unscathed through the typhoon that Napoleon loosed
over Europe.'' Danish peasants carried the King's
coffin along the last part of the road from Copen-
hagen to the cathedral in Roskilde, where Den-

mark's royal heads are buried. He had truly been
their friend.

Christian VIII (1839-1848), the old king's
cousin, was bitter and disappointed; for though
Danish ships were sailing again, things were not
the same. It was much too obvious that Denmark's
position among nations had sunk so low that she
hardly counted anymore. There was sarcastic
criticism of the old autocratic form of government
in many Danish circles, and when King Christian
VIII died, after nine years of rule, the crisis came
to a head. His son, Frederick VII (1848-1863),
was neither loved nor admired... There was unrest
all over Europe. Shots were ringing out in the
streets of Berlin and Paris. "In Denmark feelings
mounted to such extraordinary heights that a number

