Everett Hale 806

to go over, Ijust gave him an egg to spend if he
would go over to Uncle Fred's store and get me a
spool of thread. . . May 17, 1914 - The water was
running down badly and filling the hollow just south
of the apricot tree. Itold Hale I would give him
an egg if he would go up to the corner and turn it
off, Sherman said he would, They both went, as
did Phil. They each took an egg and went to the
Sugar Bowl to buy candy. . . Here they are now,
happy with their purchases, They are treating

me with candy, '!

Hale was nine years and four-and-a-half
months old when Mother died, After that, although
Aunt Vena, then Aunt Retta, then others came to
help in the home and finally Aunt Myrtle as a
second mother, yet he spent as much time as
possible with his father and on the various ranches -
Gunnison, Flat Canyon and Star (for a short time.)
He took responsibility readily and was a hard
worker and most dependable with the farm work.
Yet his mind seemed of a mechanical bent and he
became particularly interested in radio, Bert
Gledhill, once a foreman on the Gunnison ranch,
remembers Hale's aerial wires and antennas being
strung in every direction there on the ranch, from
the farmhouse to the granary and even to one of
the big barns, as he experimented with electro-
magnetic waves,

I recall spending part of New Years Eve with
Hale in the 'Buff Room!" upstairs in our home in
Manti the year end following my marriage (1923).
A radio he had constructed was set up in the east
window with wires going every which way both
inside and out. He tried to explain to me the
principles upon which it worked and we took turns
wearing the attached ear phones, as he tuned into
the festivities in New York, Chicago and other
distant cities as the New Year arrived there. I
had never experienced radio before and to me it
seemed like amiracle, Hale had great ambitions
along this line,

After the family moved to Orem and he grad-
uated from High School, Father then being in the
midst of a financial struggle, Hale got employment
with a General Land Office survey, Ralph Gentry
