279 United Order

for Maren as a sort of a mother's helper, She
adored Maren and the feeling was mutual between
them, When Maren died suddenly, Marie also died
a few months later, people said ‘of a broken heart’.
Lars married his third wife, another Danish girl
named Mary Ann Jensen, in St. George, 15 Feb.
1877. When she moved in, the kind and gentle
Maren was very much grieved when her young boys
had to give up their bedroom and sleep in the gran-
ary. Many times the wife Mary Ann put on men's
pants and went out to work in the fields if Lars

was short-handed, Father said that after Maren's
death your grandmother, Else Christensen, came
to their house many times to see how Maren's
children were getting along with their ‘hot-
tempered! stepmother."

6, THE BROWN KIT

The lack of resident doctor's services was
sorely felt at times. Fear and compassion were
mingled when epidemics of contagion spread from
home to home, and feelings of helplessness were
Present when new babies were coming, The health
of their families was one of the major concerns of
most pioneer mothers. In rural areas like Gunni-
Son Valley, folks had to depend upon old and simple
home made remedies and the blessings of the
Elders of the church to carry them through trials
of sickness, Senna tea was used as a laxative,
Sagebrush tea or sulphur-and- molasses made a
good spring tonic. Often a few herbs administered
with faith brought about wonderful results, From
fall until spring it was the custom for most child-
ren to wear an asafetida bag apiece, tied ona
String around their necks, to prevent them from
catching diseases or colds, Even midwives were
Scarce and somewhat poorly trained at best;. In
Mayfield, Else K, Christensen, Sena Larson,
Margaret Voorhees Whitlock and Anna Carlson
were the ladies credited as having assisted greatly
in the care of the sick during the latter 1870's.
Many hours were spent by them nursing back to
health men, women and children.

There had been sickness in the Laurs M, C.
