425 Wyoming Interlude

The flapping tent villages of these rail-
roaders were soon replaced by home steaders
Cabins. Then Wyoming's vast sagebrush and grass
covered prairies caught the eyes of stock raisers,
and "cattle barons" with their immense herds
moved in. Thousands of cattle grazed and roamed
at will over the range and cattle raising became
the territory's first major industry. At first most
of the range cattle there were owned by non-resi-
dents who came but once a year from the east to
look after their interests in Wyoming - thus the
name "Cattle Barons" was given them.

Resenting the ever increasing power of the
non-resident stockraisers in the business and
politics of Wyoming, home steaders began fencing
in their land along the streams in order to protect
themselves from ranging cattle and to break up the
range. Cattlemen retaliated by having their
employees file on property and, not content to
fence in homesteads alone, they often included
whole sections of public domain between their own
Property, thus gaining control of millions of acres
and preventing the free use of public lands. Angry
homesteaders, who would not steal from a
neighbors, began to think nothing of rounding UP
calves belonging to some far distant '‘cattle baron
and applying their own brands. "Careless applica-
tion of the branding irons" brought increasing
financial losses and embarrassment and threatened
the paradise of the cattlemen. Cattle and horse
thieves flourished and rustling became a big
business on the ranges of Wyoming.

e 'tbandits of the
n from them through
t forced to take the

Failing to pin down thes
plains" or to secure protectio
the courts, some cattlemen fel
law into their own hands and life on the prairies
of Wyoming took on the aspects ofa civil war.
Lynchings, shootings from ambush and other
methods of frontier justice became the style as
cattlemen made a strong effort to hold the range.
Some hired "regulators" to kill the rustlers and
frighten homesteaders from the territory. Onone
Occasion paid professional gunmen were secretly
brought into Cheyenne, Wyoming ina sealed rail-
road car to join in the fray; and though the
