Elsie 590

came to me that if I would go back to Maple Spring

I would find Old Spotty there. I had been there
earlier in the day and failed to find her, but I
mounted my pony again anyway and rode back
hurridly about two miles towards Maple Springs.
Before I got to the Spring I saw Old Spotty and it
seemed she was waiting for me. I started her on
the way home and she walked as fast as she could,
but it was dark long before we got out of the canyon.
Mother came to meet me when she heard me coming
and she was so happy for my safe return and accomp-
lishment. When I told her my story she was happier
still, for the goodness of the Lord to me.

'In September that same
brother and I went with father i
get some logs for lumber.
almost dark when we got to
father was well acquainted

a camping place in mind. Wood was plentiful and
my brother and I soon had a large pile gathered and
we soon got a campfire going, hobbled the horses
out and cut some pine boughs to sleepon. After
prayers we were soon in bed and fast asleep. About
midnight the wind began to blow very hard and
father said later that in the midst of his slumbers

it was as if some invisible force had raised him up
by one arm and told him to move quickly, He
grabbed us boys and hustled us Some distance then
hurridly rolled up our bedding and moved that and
the grub box and other camping equipment. It
seemed but a moment after everything was out of
danger that a huge dry log came crashing down
across the pine boughs where we had all been in
peaceful slumber. It would have been death for us
had we not moved, Father often related this cir-
cumstance to show the power of prayer. He never
neglected his prayers no matter
to be. We got the logs out and t
them sawed into lumber and we

of the week, grateful for the pr
lives.

year my younger
nto the canyon to

It was a long day and
our destination, But
with the canyon and had

where he happened
© the mill, had

re home by the end
€servation of our

‘When I was ordained a Deacon I soon became

quorum president, '' wrote Alma. ''This gave me an
“opportunity to become better acquainted with its
members. I endeavored to do my duty whatever
