Tresia 672

was sent to school in Centerfield when it opened in
the fall. She went to school taking a sandwich of
dried bread spread with bacon grease for her lunch.
She remembers being hungry most of the time,
School in Centerfield was short lived for Tresia
however, for after a few days of it she wandered
away several miles into north Gunnison and became
lost - and nobody came to find her.

She spent that night sleeping on the steps of
the Relief Society hall in northwest Gunnison. We
have learned previously in this book how she ended
up next day at the home of Laurs and Else K,
Christensen and how they decided to give her a
home, saying, ''One more mouth won't make any
difference.'' Tresia writes: - "After I had been
shifted around from one family to another for two
years, the Christensens took me in, It reads like
a book. They were so wonderful tome. There
are no words written or spoken that are good
enough to describe them. They treated me as
their own - God bless them! The rest of the
Christensen family was grand to me also."'

Tresia took the surname of Christensen while
she lived with Laurs and Else and their family.
She started school in the first grade in Gunnison
when she was going on nine and atteded there
through the seventh grade. She left and went to
Salt Lake City to work just before she turned
sixteen, so she lived with the Christensens for
somewhat more than six years, She always kept
in touch with them, however, and deemed them
"her family", returning to visit them on occasions
as long as any of them lived. Even today she keeps
in touch with their children, for she is still living
at age eighty in Maricopa, California (1969).

Tresia worked at various things in Salt Lake
City. She was a nursemaid for awhile and then did
housework. She worked in different cafes and had
a good job in a store at one time. After some six
years of working around like this she met and
married a man by the name of William H. Scott.
They were married in Salt Lake City, 11 June 1911,
when she was twenty-two. Mr. Scott owned a drug-
store in Blackfoot, Idaho and took Tresia there to
live. But William drank and the couple's marriage
