497 Andrew

= Word went around among the farmers, how-
be a) that P rices would be higher in the spring and
tie d their crops. Spring never really came.
WG was heavy and stayed on the ground until
fath y May. Food for cattle became scarce and
soe was forced to buy hay at $40. 00 a ton to
a 1, 000 head of cattle from starving. Again
wint anks advanced the money. Finally, when
caters ended, the market had vanished for both
Se]] ¢ and wheat. It was almost impossible to
fre 2 any price, The banks which had loaned so
Se, y now wanted their money. Farmers, who
am all their lives had been able to get almost any
F Cunt on signature, were given a flat ‘nol
ee” off course was over-extended. It cost him
io, Share of the ranches and all other owned assets
8€t out, and he still owed thousands of dollars.

Salt "In 1923 we left Star Ranch and moved to
Lake City. I suppose we had lived in worse
Places but the little house on the bend of the Jordan

lin dee was at least a place to house the family now
ire financial straits. Mother, brave and cheer-
1, et about, with almost no money, [to make the
cel livable, scrubbing, cleaning, painting and 3
mae TERE, with the help of us children. I remember
Y Pride in helping to select the paper which,
“n hung, looked great.
Sur "I don't know just how father managed;
the © he was deeply discouraged and for a
> Te was little for him to do but borrow trom :
‘nds and relatives. He was gone 4 great dea

job 38 to get things going. For a time he gota. »
©f some kind in the southern part of the s
to meet

s
caewhe re, sending mother the money

ho umulated bills. Edythe was asked to eqimge
finds from school in the east, which ae enae
‘ng an immediate job to help out.

x
i I worked in some mines in Farming
the same purpose. Fath

ather

b "Gradually our situation improved: i Main
Y Some means, rented a big house 0” 1s of this:--
lig into which we moved." ie ane i Street
nest lived ina large red brick house on ot arlor
Baa to the McKinley School. Here a Pp
‘vVingroom, and in the latter @ said ,
