157 Kobberod

18, Kobert, son, Dane; Maren, 16, Kobert, daugh-
ter, Dane; Pouline, 94, Kobert, Dane; Petrine, 7,
Kobert, Dane; Nielsine, 4, Kobert, Dane. (Some
mistakes are here noted since Karen was born in
Gettrup, not ''Kobert" (misspelling of Kobberod);
Maren was a few days of 17, not 16, and Pouline
was past 104, not gf, (It is probable that Christen,
ike many fathers, could not remember the ages of
his own daughters.) The entry on the list directly
below that of the Christensens was for Else Kath-
Tine Andersen, 19, born Hvidburg, spinster, Dane,
and then Opposite her name, in the ‘Gepositec
column, appeared the number 80. (We know Else
was born in Kjallerup, Hvidburg Parish.) In the

€posited" column opposite Christen Christensen's
name appeared the figures 440 - 170 - 270, and
farther over under the "exchange" column appeared
the figures 800 - 19 = 819. Inthe 'foreign coin"
Column was listed "paid 410.00". This has been
interpreted to mean that Christen Christensen
©posited 270 rigsdaler, plus the 170 previously
Paid, or a total of 440 rigsdaler, for ane SAY
aMily's passage and railway tickets to “Wyoming
(listed nls. the ihetiarre wee nica 80 rigsdaler
Were deposited in Else's name. Christen also
Must have exchanged 819 Danish dollars for $410
in American money, and we are led to believe this
money was in gold coins. It was perhaps while
Christen was in Aalborg then that he was approached
On the Subject of contributing to the 'Church Immi-
8ration Fund'', This was a fund which had pre-
viously been set up by the brethren in Salt Lake
City, from which needy Saints could borrow for

€ir emigration passage to Zion. Members with
©Xtra means, both in Utah and in the Missions,
Were asked to contribute to this fund. We have

fen told i hristensen was one
Of the Bene ee ae iaibere Conference,
Where the emigration of the Saints was concerned,

In the meantime, in Kobberod, Laurs had
made up his mind about something, but he was
aving some difficulty in knowing just how to go
about it, Since his older brother Christen had
Row taken off on his own and his father was gone
'* atime, he himself, being the only man of the
amily about, had much to do, inside and out. He
