Albert 570

She attended the first four grades at the
Beaver District school in the three-room school-
house, heated by an old pot-bellied stove with a
long stovepipe that ran overhead across the room,
which was always falling down and sending a
shower of soot upon the slates and copy books.

She attended fifth grade at B. Y. U. Training
School in Provo where her mother took the children
for the winter while her father did some remodeling
on the home. Returning to Beaver, Myrtle skipped
sixth grade and took seventh and eighth grades in
turn. She was among the seven to be graduated

from the eighth grade of Beaver District school
in 1889.

From the time Myrtle was old enough to
dream of a life of service she ha

da longing to
teach.

It was sometime while attending elementary
school in Beaver that she began to teach in the

Sunday School. From then on she taught Sunday
School some place or another every single year
for some thirty years and then off and on for

another fifteen, making a total of some forty-five
years she served as a teacher in the Sunday Schools
of the Church.

Following her graduation from eighth grade
she stayed out of school a year to help in the home.
She acted as tithing clerk in her Ward that year.
The fall of 1900 she entered the Murdock Academy;
which had taken over the place once known as Fort
Cameron near Beaver and was in its third year.
She completed three years of high school work
there the Spring of 1903, which was all the Academy
offered at that time. She then attended summer
school at B. Y. U. and in the fall began her long-
-dreamed-of public teaching career in the little
town of Frisco in southern Utah, where she taught
the first four grades that winter of 1903/04. From
here on she became self-supporting and also was
able to assist other members of her family in
getting their educations,

The summer and winter of 1904/05 she
attended the University of Utah in Salt Lake City
to complete her work for a Normal certificate.
Here she walked off with the honor of being among
the three highest in scholarship for the four quarters:
