Don: Gilmore 892

and night at the Rocky Point ranch when Keller
Christensen, my nephew, was about as sick as
anyone could get. He had eaten too many green
apples, His brother Cloyd and I had helped him -
but somehow we escaped, Before my ninth year
was over my father became so ill and died, His
death was a severe loss to the family, one that I
did not fully appreciate until much later. Ihardly
got to know him except through others,

"Sometime after Father's death we moved
from the Rocky Point home to Fayette, Utah, a
distance of about six miles from Gunnison. We
lived with my Uncle Henry Bartholomew, who
was a widower with young children, The school
house in Fayette had only two rooms and Blaine
Anderson of Mayfield was the principal and teacher
of the upper grades. I started out there in seventh
grade, but somehow convinced Mr, Anderson that
I was as smart as his eighth graders so ended up
graduating with them. It was quite a surprise to
my old classmates in Gunnison to find me a year
ahead of them when I started to attend Gunnison
Valley High School. The years at high school were
interspersed with summers working on the farm
and an occasional trip to the mountains, mostly up
Twelve Mile to the sheep camp or to get out logs
or hunt deer. I rather liked the summers more
than the school time of year, in spite of the heavy
work, Ithink I might have become a farmer if I
hadn't had so much trouble with hayfever. I
graduated from Gunnison High School in 1934.

"Then it was on to Brigham Young University.
I remember meeting Cousin Phil Christensen there
and being initiated into a club of which he was a
member (Vikings), Undoubtedly Iwas very much
of a hayseed but Phil was very kind and considerate,
It was in Freshman English class that I first met
Freda. We were both assigned to Miss Black's
class, which was on the hill, Freda's preceding
class was on lower campus and she was always
late for English, Miss Black, who was otherwise
very strict, let her get by with this. Much later
when I teased Freda about this her reply was, ‘Well
you'd never have noticed me if I hadn't come in late’,
We did some dating during the next three years, but
