Sheldon Bartholomew 786

we have been there except for father's procuring
the job for us. After four months the process
rights were sold, We got our pay but lost our
jobs,"

Pulling together has lifted many a load, and
so it was with the A. B. Christensen family, It
was soon able to move to more desirable quarters
in Salt Lake City, at 1876 South Main Street, This
was to become an eventful site in the lives of the
children, It was in the Farmer's Ward and there
was a wonderful group of young people affiliated
there, including Nancy Howells and Mary Pratt,
who later became the wives of Wendell and Sheldon
respectively. It was from this home and Ward that
both the boys left for missions to Germany, Wendell
in 1925 and Sheldon in 1926. Since the family fin-
ances were still at rather low ebb, the boys were
helped mostly by profits from their mother's sewing.
It turned out that Wendell had the privilege of being
Sheldon's first District President in the mission
field, With their former experience in Germany
as children, the language was no problem for
either of them.

Sheldon returned home in June 1929. On 16
Sep, that same year, in the Salt Lake Temple, he
was married to Mary Urie Pratt (b. 10 Aug. 1907
in Farmington, Utah to Mathoni Wood and Agnes
Urie Pratt.) They became the parents of four sons
and have sent three of them on foreign missions for
the church, one to Denmark, once the home of the
Christensen's ancient Viking progenitors, one to
Uruguay and one to the French Mission from which
he has just returned (1969). Mary is serving as a
member of the General Board of the YWMIA, while
Sheldon himself has served in bishoprics, on Stake
missions, and in various other church assignments
over the years, both in California and Utah,

He has been successful in business, First
he worked for years as an independent insurance
broker, dealing largely with estate planning,
deferred insurance plans, pensions, profit
sharing, and life insurance as applied to corpora-
tions, estates and businesses, Eleven years ago
(1958) he went into the securities business and
organized a broker dealership which was qualified
