Kjalle rup ee

buttoned shoes over hand-knit stockings, always
black. The church was cold and dark inside, both
summer and winter, even with candles burning; but
the walls and ceilings were bright with pictures of
Saints and Angels and garlands of leaves and
flowers, if one could see. The Priest (or Pastor)
in his dark long full robes, with a white ruff at his
chin and a great cross hanging at his back, stood
up in front and drolled out the long prayers and
sermons, which were seldom if ever understood,
There was somebody pumping the organ as it was
being played for hymns. (When she was confirmed
she could have her very own hymn book with her
name on.) Onthe outside there was the white
church with the cross on top and the big bell
ringing in the tower, the Priest's house or Parson-
age, and the garden of white tombs, some with
little stone-lambs, where Edel lay;~- Ja, these

she would never forget! Sometimes the family
went to Oveso (Ove Lake); they could walk there
since it was less than a half mile east and a bit
north of their cottage. One of the largest lakes

in Thisted Amt, it ran diagonally from southeast

to northwest a distance of about five miles through
the very center of the county. There it lay, glitter-
ing in a frame of beech woods, where starlings
made choirs in the trees, and sometimes one saw
a great stork fly up. In summers, fishing boats
with white sails were always drifting there, and
Far Anders often fished there; but usually it was

a family festival that took the rest of them to the
water.

In the day-dark of winter, month after month,
when even the old Danes sometimes wondered if
spring would ever come, the lake was usually
frozen over. The winters in Jutland seemed weary
and long, especially to one as active and eager as
Else. They were always so damp and cold, with
much fog; snow piled higher than a child could see
over, and frost biting nose and fingers. Then
there was always the chill of the rough wind which
came streaking across from the North Sea. The
Andersens lived only about three miles in from
that restless treacherous sea; sometimes they
could hear it moan, as its waves crashed and broke
upon the shore to the west. But still, in winters
