Christen 468

the fierce beating of warning drums, Both his
father and paternal grandfather fought in that war
with others of the hard-pressed occupants of the
then eighteen year old settlement of his birth. He
was christened just plain Christian but in early
manhood he assumed the middle initial of 'I", He
was often called 'Chris" or "C, I."

At the age of three-and-a-half, the war being
over, young Christian moved with his Danish emi-
grant parents, a baby brother Andrew, and others
of his father's relatives, to a smaller settlement
some fifteen miles southwest of Manti, called
Gunnison. A short time after his seventh birthday
his parents joined the ''United Order" and moved
five or six miles southeast of Gunnison to the very
small United Order community of North Mayfield,
taking Chris and his then three younger brothers
with them. The account of their circumstances and
experiences in the "Order'! and later in South May-
field, have been given in some detail in another
chapter.

It was in Mayfield, we remember, that Chris
first attended school. His daughter Pearl tells of
this:-- ''Christian had very little chance for an
education in school but he was taught by his mother,
at her knee, while she was spinning, carding or
doing other household duties. She, having had a
fine education, taught him so well that when he did
enter school for the first time he was placed in the
sixth grade. He studied very hard and had an
excellent memory. It was in Mayfield also that
Christian suffered the long-lasting and severe eye
infection which threatened to destroy his sight and
might have, had it not been for the constant efforts,
faith and prayers of his loving parents, grand-
father Christensen, and other concerned relatives,
Instead, however, he was left with a "happy tear"!
for life. Doubtless it was the persistence of this
eye infection that kept the boy from entering school
earlier. It was in Mayfield, too, that Christian
was baptized a member of the L, D. S, Church,
This took place on his tenth birthday and his
mother recorded it in her journal like this:--
"Christian Christensen, dobt den 4 October 1877 i
May Field, dobt of Henry Jensen.'' His younger
