978
of Denmark.

"Later on I went on a bus down to see Gettrup.
I was alone I thought, but now I don't know, I met
only one family in Gettrup and this in rather an odd
way. The strange meeting in the churchyard con-
vinced me that something or somebody intended for
us to meet. Iwas just coming out of the Parish
churchyard of a lovely old church with its surround-
ing 'grave plots', family plots which were like
individual gardens complete with small hedges,
blooming plants, small evergreens and rose bushes.
I had walked among the tombstones and recorded

names and dates of all Christensens, Kristensens
and Lauritzens buried there.

"As I went to leave I met beautiful, dark-
haired Mrs, Oxlund at the gate. She looked sur-
prised to see me there. I smiled at her and said
‘Good morning', Do you speak English?' She
smiled, shook her head and said, 'Nej'. I then
asked, 'Do you know anyone else who does?! She
looked bewildered so I tried Something else. 'Do
you know Christensens?' I said. ‘Ja, Ja', she
said and motioned for me to get into her car, (The
"Vest Vind' was blowing hard that day). Then she
turned and looked at me questioningly. That was
when I decided to show her my picture of Myrup-
gard, though why I shall never know. 'Myrupgard'
I said, 'the home of some of my ancestors’,
‘Myrupgard' - she stared at the picture and then
at me - 'Myrupgard!' Suddenly she threw her
flowers onto the back seat; (she had come to put
them on her mother's grave), started her car and
took me to see her husband who asked to see the
picture I brought. He spoke English rather well.

''Who sent you to us?! he asked in bewilder-
ment; 'I know this place, Myrupgard; my family
and I have been there many times. It is owned by
my brother-in-law, Did he tell you to come to us?'
'No, no' I said emphatically, Staring athim. 'I
just came to see Gettrup because my grandmother
was born near here. Mr. Oxlund, is there anyone
else in Gettrup who would have known about Myrup-
gard?' 'Nej, Nej' he said, as excited as I.

‘Lam
the only one. '
