Brown Kit 300

everything of interest that had transpired during
the past year. He had an excellent memory. He
had his wife Anne take notes for him as the year
progressed, and when he was ready to make his
yearly report he would take these notes and go

into a room by himself and write his letter, This
would take him many days - but when the letter was
finished it was worth it. Anne would read it through
aloud and the children always tried to be around to
enjoy the contents before it was mailed off to
Denmark,

Christen Christensen at seventy was still a
very proud man, although the vicissitudes of life
had mellowed him some, He had lost most of what
he had when he left the United Order, and though a
farmer and stockraiser by trade, and a very good
one, he had taken up the job of delivering salt to
the people of the county to get a little ready cash
to help re-establish himself. He got the salt from
the salt bluffs about two miles west of Axtell, This
placer salt-bearing mine embraced about 40 acres
in that locality, In the earliest days of settlement
each family had obtained and refined its own salt,
but later it became quite an object of barter and
many necessities were obtained through this traffic.
The price of rock salt in 1884 was $2.00 per ton,
delivered, but naturally it became more expensive
as people prospered. The many tons of rock salt
hauled to the silver mines in Utah, Idaho and
Nevada were of some consideration to the economy
of the people who dug it out and hauled it. Christen
hauled rock salt at first and he became quite a well-
known figure throughout Gunnison Valley, seated
erect in his little 'salt-cart'' driving through,
stopping at farmhouses and dwellings along his
route to deliver his commodity. Later several
boileries were established in the valley, with
capacities to turn out 400 tons of fine salt yearly,
Lars Myrup had one of these out in Centerfield
where he made and sold table salt. He had several
working for him. They would take a wagon and
drive out to Redmond (west of Axtell) and get the
rock salt, return with it to Centerfield and put it
in a large vat or boiler, filled with boiling water,
where it would be dissolved, When the salt had
all crystalized in the bottom and the dross had
