Phillip Van Buren 862

in Feb. 1936, I went to law school at George Wash-
ington University, attending at nights from 7:00 |
o'clock to 9:30 and working days for the Resettle-
ment Administration, It was difficult for me to
study late at nights so I.used to get up at 4:00
o'clock each morning and do my’ studying when my
mind was clear. After school was out, the early
summer of 1937, Iwas sent down to. work at the
regional field office in Raleigh, North Carolina
‘for three months, Iwas able-to rent a lovely room
ina large southern home. But I returned to Wash-
ington D, C, for work and school that fall. It was
‘during that year that I attended, with a group from
Utah, a White House reception given by President
Roosevelt, A young lady, who worked in the office
of Congressman J. Will Robinson from Utah, whose
‘name Ihave forgotten, invited me to go. Although
I never had any high regard for President Roosevelt,
I'll never forget how impressed I was as he walked
by with his cane, supported by a member of his —
family, his chin out as the band played 'Hail to The
Chief', I was close enough to touch the President
and I was imptessed by the magnitude of the office
and the pomp and color that was at the White House
that night.

"Thad an opportunity to be transfered from
Washington to the regional office in San Francisco
and although my law school plans had to be changed,
I jumped at the chance, Iwas able to purchase a
1935 Ford four-door sedan automobile that had been
a taxi, for $200.00. As soon as school was out the
spring of 1938, I hauléd out a few passengers to
Utah and then drove on to San Francisco, Here I
arranged to take one of the examinations that I] was

not able to take at George Washington University
through the University of San Francisco and came
out.with an "A'', I went to night school at the Uni-
versity of San Francisco, then called St. Ignatious
College. After a year there my work for the govern-
ment was terminated and the mountains and canyons
in Utah again beckoned me,

‘At this time Father was interested in the
Red Hills Mining Co., the: Grand Deposit Mining
Co,, and other mining interests through one Paul
Lyon. I had often wondered why the apparent
