Pearl Eva 678

wwe moved to Eureka, Nevada, where Peter ran the
air compressor for the Uncle Sam's Mine. After

a year we moved to Goshen, Utah where he worked
as a special timberman in the Tintic Standard mine,
then moved over to Eureka, Utah, working for the
same company. He then went back to work for the
Howells and Sharp Livestock Co., which had bought
out the Bennion Livestock Co., and worked for
them until his death.

''When we were first married we purchased
a brick home at 363 East 21st South in Salt Lake .
City and rented it out for ten years, Finally we
moved into this home of ours after losing a darling
little son who was stillborn, Then our first daugh-
ter, Dartear Pearline, was born and then we lost
another little son who was also stillborn, Our last
child, Arminta Caroline, soon came along to cheer
our hearts. Both girls had beautiful blond curly
hair and were blessed with musical voices, Dartear
sang solos when she was very young in Ward and
school functions and also on the radio, Arminta
also sang in such affairs and did solo work in
"Showboat! and ''Promised Valley'!, In the mean-
time I taught in Primary and among other things
was able to bring two little boys into activity in
the church, They had been neglected and Peter
had great influence with them. We kept in touch
with them over the years, One of these boys went
on a mission when eighteen years of age, the other
died in the service fighting for his country.

''When Dartear was married her husband went
directly into the service at Camp Campbell, Kentucky.
When her first baby was born I went to live with
them in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. I only stayed.
there a few weeks and then went to Nashville,
Tennessee with Mrs. Barbee, a relative of Reed.
Smoot's, Later, when Dartear's husband was
transferred to Camp Cook near Santa Maria,
California, while they went. ahead by automobile to
get settled I tended their baby, Dawn Lynn, and
later took her by train to. join them. Ihad a fine
trip seeing all the sights, gathering shells near
the ocean and enjoying the huge palm trees that I
had never seen before,

'wWhen Arminta was married she and her
