Louis Lucien 742

which is still standing and in use, and he visited
his Christensen grandparents’ graves in the Manti
Cemetery, which is overlooked by the beautiful
Manti Temple where he was baptized.

It was from the rock house in Gunnison that
Lucien first started school the fall of 1909. He
attended the public school there until he was just
past twelve-and-a-half, when his family left Gunni-
son and moved to a ranch not many miles from
Lyman, Wyoming, where his father had taken up
a homestead, On 27 Mar. 1916 the Louis D.
Christensen family, together with Aunt Elsie
Bartholomew and her five children, left Gunnison
by train headed for Wyoming. They had all slept
the night before at Aunt Emma and Uncle Charlie
Peterson's place, who lived about a mile from the
Gunnison depot. There were six children in the

Christensen family at the time: LaFaun 14, Lucien
124, Rex 10, Dale about 63, Weldon just turned 4,
and baby Alice nearly 2.

Reaching Lyman, Wyoming the group were
taken to the ranch they called ''The Oasis'' some
few miles east of Lyman, They all lived for some
weeks in two rooms of the four-roomed ranch cabin
belonging to their father's brother Chris, until
homes could be built, one on each place that Louis
and his sister Elsie had homesteaded, LaFaun
remembers that until then they were so crowded
that some even had to sleep on top of the big table
and some under. Cousin Edith Bartholomew
remembers that she was always hungry then -
there never did seem to be enough food to satisfy
them all.

Two summers living on The Oasis followed
for Lucien and the others, during which time ''fire-
bugs'' tried to drive them out, destroying one home
built by his father and, after several attempts,
burning down the other which replaced the first.
The year's crops of his Uncle Chris were destroyed
by fire, his Uncle Chris killed. They were forced
to guard what they had on the ranch with guns,
Details of this period have been given in earlier
chapters of the book. .

The families moved into Lyman in winters
