595 Emma

ranch, just east of Gunnison, Their son Byron
and his wife Mildred have collaborated on a short
history of Emma's life and from it we now quote:--
"This was the beginning of a busy and eventful life
for Emma, rearing her family and supporting the
activities of an ambitious farmer and stockraiser,
Emma had three children, Byron, Ada and Imelda,
whom she reared to maturity but she lost two little
girls who were stillborn between Ada and Imelda.
Ada remembers how beautiful the one little sister
was as she lay in her box-coffin - like a big doll
asleep, Charles buried each of the little stillborn
babies on their ranch just across the wash from
their house.

"While the menfolks and hired hands were
busily engaged in the fields and on the range,
Emma milked many cows and made and sold pounds
of delicious butter, She hauled barrels of good
water for drinking and carried hundreds of buckets-
ful from the creek for washing and other purposes,
She raised chickens, turkeys, pigs and geese.
Byron says, 'I often remember in my childhood
seeing geese, who had waddled way up onto the
hill above the house, sailing past the kitchen
window as they made a flying landing in the back
dooryard, '

"There is always the fond memory of grandpa
and grandma Christensen coming to our house,
How grandmother enjoyed having mother Emma
brush and comb her hair. It was such a beautiful
head of waist-length auburn hair and she wore it
in braids that were fashioned into a bob on top her
head. Sometimes grandmother would ask if we
had a 'runty pig', referring of course to a baby pig
who wasn't doing so well. Father always seemed
to have a 'runty pig' when grandmother desired
one. She seemed to have a special talent and pride
in getting these little pigs all plumped up and doing
fine in scarcely no time at all.

"Aunt Elvena was a very kind and helpful
sister in Emma's home during her child rearing
years, helping to both care for and 'spoil' Emma's
children, or so Emma said. In later years, after
Vena was married, Emma was able to return the
favors - somewhat. Vena's second child, Alta,
