Sheldon Bartholomew 784

summers. Though the older children were expected
to work hard with the crops, cattle and other chores,
yet it was somewhat of a paradise for them never-
theless, as each was given his own riding pony. The
beautiful setting amid lake, lush meadows with wild
flowers, nearby canyons and mountains, offered
spots for recreation during happy leisure hours,
Edythe writes, ''We were by ourselves and our
entertainment was had with each other, picnics,
rides together up the draws of nearby canyons, etc.
These were busy, beautiful summers, We always
attended church when possible, I recall the first
time father drove our family to the LDS Sunday
School at Mona. The structure where it met was

an early rock model of pioneer vintage. There

was but one hall; the few class divisions were made
by drawing curtains. As our car stopped in front
for us to alight we noticed the door and windows
being filled with curious spectators, Flushed and

a little embarrassed we managed to walk the long
path and into the sanctity of the building."

Provo, Utah - again became their home dur-
ing those winters of 1919- 1922 in order that the
children might attend school. Edythe was in college
and the older boys in high school. An epidemic of
influenza hit the city and Edythe writes of this, ''The
first seige of the flu struck while we were at Hinckley
but our family had escaped. But at Provo the winter
of 1920, one after another of us took to ouch or bed
except father, who had gone back to Star Ranch.
Even mother and the baby became ill. The grade
schools closed down. We were only one family of
the majority so afflicted and it was impossible to
obtain a nurse. Our overworked family doctor was
only able to call a few times. Many died but our
group was spared to slowly recover.'' Luther has
many happy memories of those Provo days - bring-
ing the Christmas tree down by sleigh from the
mountains; skiing on barrel stave skis from the top
of the chicken coop; gathering watercress in early
spring from nearby pasture brooks and selling it
in bunches.

Salt Lake City, in a house on the bend of the
Jordan River, was the family's next home.
Financial reverses had struck at its roots and all
