Christian 484

"When Caroline received word of Christian's
fatal accident she was frantic. Mr. Cope, secre-
tary for the Bennion Livestock Company, took her
to Wyoming to be near him, immediately, in his
car, She left the three younger children, Ivy,
Farrald and little Gorden, at home along, with a
kind neighbor, Mrs. Seegmiller, to look out for
them if things went wrong. Pearl and Roy were of
course at the ranch and Elmer was on the farm in
Cedar Valley but soon joined the others. Caroline
was at Christian's bedside to bid him 'so long' when
the end came for him. His brother Louis and sister
Elsie and her two girls, and Bishop Clarence Rollins
of Lyman, Wyoming were on the train with Caroline,
Pearl and Roy when they brought the body to Salt
Lake City. Mr. Cope met them at the station and
did everything he could to help out. The body was
taken to the old Taylor Mortuary, then on West
Temple and First South. The others went on to
Gunnison where they were joined by their families,
as well as relatives and friends from both Wyoming
and Utah. But Caroline and her children stayed
several days in Salt Lake making preparations and
then all went down with the body, to join the others
for Christian's funeral and burial,"

About two months later, 5 Dec. 1917, Caro-
line took her children to the Salt Lake Temple and
had the necessary endowments and the sealing of
the family for eternity taken care of - all but Pearl,
who was then beyond the proper age. They were
accompanied by Christian's parents, Laurs and
Else K. Christensen. (Pearl had her own endow-
ments and was sealed to her parents some forty-
one years after, 26 June 1959, also in the Salt
Lake Temple.) Caroline herself went to the temple
often after that wonderful experience there that
December 1917, and continued to do so up until
three weeks before her death. She loved the
church and was a faithful attender to her duties as
amember. She had a strong testimony of the
divinity of the Gospel and her faith never wavered
throughout all the trials and tribulations of her
widowhood,

Caroline and Christian had been married
almost twenty-four years when he died, Just over
