95 Bested

Christian of Glucksburg, Christian IX, King of
Denmark"; according to the provisions for. the
succesSion agreed upon by international treaty at
London, England 8 May 1852. The new King was
faced with the immediate problem and it took him
three days to decide to sign this act, known as the
"November Constitution"...

But there was no dilly-dallyihg down in
Germany; here the effect was immediate and ~
Denmark was presented with a carefully calculated
ultimatum right away demanding that the new act
be repealed. Opinions in the country were sharply
divided; the government resigned in anger and a
mew one was'formed, The regular Danish army,
stationed in Holstein, was'withdrawn from there
back to the southern border of Slesvig, to demon-
strate that Denmark had no intention of retaining
Holstein any longer - Gérmany could have the
trouble maker! But the act was not repealed and
the Danes army took up’its position at Danevirke,
the 1,000 year old border defense embankment on
Slesvig's south border. .The trdops were requested
to hold this position until spring. Danes usually:
only fought in summers and had no idea there
would be much doing before that.

Preparedness simply wasn't one of the Danes'
strong points, especially where war was con-
cerned. One sometimes had the feeling that the
Danish outlook had never developed beyond the
idea that, in time of war, one took his rusty
battle axe down from the wall or went to try and
find it in the woodshed where it had been serving
a useful purpose, and sharpened itona grindstone.
It was difficult to make these people realize, in
peacetime, that newer forms of war required
materials and preparations which could not be
produced when the enemy suddenly appeared in
your paddock, The Danes were too tied up with
everyday life and too busy enjoying it, and blessed
with too great a sense of humor to be eternaily’ on
guard,

Po 3 BS * e

Christmas that year in Norhaa was hardly

noticed by the majority, except that people met in
