Andrew 494

the warm, dry climate of Utah's Dixie. He settled
us in the very small community of LaVerkin, within
walking distance of his option-to-title-acquired
mineral hot springs on the bank of the Virgin River
where, with the help of Sheldon, myself and an occa-
sional hired man with team and scraper, father
began to build a bath house near the LaVerkin Hot
Springs, The development of these springs had
long been in his plans. He visualized a health spa,
with tourist cabins on the hillside and hot mineral
baths piped to every cabin. The water there seemed
to have unusual properties and people came from
near and far to enjoy it. Along with the hot springs,
father had made filings on the waters of the Virgin
River and had plans for building a dam near the
entrance to Zions Canyon, which would provide
irrigation for thousands of acres of desert land in

a climate nearly equal to that of California. It was
a good plan and money for the initial work was
acquired from the local people and everything was
ready to start. The U. S. Government was ready
to put up about six million dollars. Unfortunately
war was declared between the United States and
Germany about that time and all government
reclamation commitments were withdrawn.

"This was a severe setback for father. He
had come so close to real wealth, possibly
millions, from the sale of land under this project.
Instead he was left in debt and years of hard work
and planning had been lost. But soon he was again
called into the service of the church school system.
This time it was to go to Hinckley, Millard Co.,
Utah to head up the church school there. This was
in the summer of 1918. Father and the rest of the
family went ahead to Hinckley to find a place to
live, leaving Sheldon and I, fifteen and thirteen
years old respectively, to bring a load of our
belongings from LaVerkin. The roads were not
as they are today and it was a hard trip through
sandstorms, snowstorms and mud. As we neared
our destination the country appeared barren and
desolate. We passed a covered wagon headed back
towards Fillmore. Across the canvas cover was
printed a large sign - 'In God we trusted and in
Delta we rusted', (Delta was a town near Hinckley. )
