77 Norhaa,

Hvidbjerg churchyard to lay down by his father,
old Christen, but because of the winter weather
and bad roads it seemed impossible. So arrange-
ments were made with the Priest in the Parish
there at Norhaa for her funeral and proper burial
or "dirt casting" (jordpakastelsen). The Priest
preached a good funeral sermon over the old one
as her casket lay in front of him near the pulpit

of the white church and then, as they carried her
coffin outside, the large bell in the belfry began

to toll for her and continued until her casket had
been lowered into the grave-hole. Then the Priest
took his place beside the hole and cast ina little of
the sacred dirt (which he had blessed) which made
a sad little thud upon the wooden casket down below
as he raised his hand to heaven with the words,
"From earth you came; to earth you return; and
from earth you shall come again -- Amen", and
this benediction was the signal for the plain dirt

to be shoveled into the gaping hole, while the black
clothed and hatted mourners stood weeping all
around. No sound could be happier than bells,
no sound could be sadder. And thus Karen Anders-
datter went to her rest and her reward, and it was
said by some that there was a hove ring of all her
ancestors over the land then; for so it was believed
to be when one of the old Danes died.

a 6 *
see *” OO

8. 3s a5

yet

ve his confirmation

Young Christen did recei
that spring of 1853,

at the Parish church in Norhaa ;
for so the record there proclaims. It is likely

that he received his Little Black Book (Skudsmaals -
bod) about the same time also, but it would be diffi-
cult for him to move around much anyway till he
was 39, because he was of military age now soon
and must be available if the King wanted him in his
army. He could give Anders some help on the new
farm. Young Mads started school that late autumn,
1853. He had been a great help to his father,
gathering and carrying in wood, and water from

the well; taking the cows to the meadow pasture,
with the aid of his little, yapping dog; feeding the
pigs and other farm animals; and with planting,
weeding and harvesting. One never had to worry
about watering the crops in Jutland for the ''Great
