823 Gladys Christensen

the water running under the bridge and fallen in.
He carried me by the heels to the house and the
doctor said this probably saved my life by allowing
all the water to drain out of me.

‘Gunnison - age six. I remember how anxious
Iwas to go to school. The day finally arrived and
I was so afraid I was going to be late. In despera-
tion Mother finally put me in a closet until it was
time to go. It was fun being 'twins' in school. I
don't recall any others in our grade. My name was
always 'Grace and Gladys' and Grace's was ‘Gladys
and Grace'. Soon we moved to live in a beautiful
red-brick house in the east part oftown. I guess
we didn't have much money because mother took
in boarders.

'Then one summer we almost cried when we
found out that Dad and Mother had rented our
beautiful house to some 'foreigners' and we were
going to move to a farm northwest of Gunnison.
There was a two roomed house on the farm and it
was really surprising how warm and comfortable
Mother made it look, although it was rather
crowded for our family of seven. Mother wanted
to be sure that our musical education was not
neglected, so down to the farm went our piano and
e were music lessons in town, with
between, In winter we went
'Old Grady', our dear old
horse. Rain, snow or shine we went to school!
Also in winter Mother insisted that Grace and I
wear those awful hand knitted black stockings.

We were so embarrassed with them that they came
off as soon as we hit the school grounds. Then
there were those ‘black sateen bloomers and the
scuffers' which never seemed to wear out.

"Salt Lake City - age twelve. I went to live
with my Aunt Mary and Uncle Glen Dowdle in Salt
Lake City. Mother thought that I should further
my musical education at the McCune School of
Music. I went to summer school there on Sixth
South. I had a great time and loved living with
Aunt Mary. Idon't know what arrangements were
made for my keep, but every week here would
come two lbs. of home-made butter and printed
on the wrapping ‘Made by Mrs. A. M. Christensen, '

every week ther
plenty of practicing in
to school by buggy and
