617 Louis

pull the pipe up with this method, sending down

the bombs and then trying another pull on the
casing with the rig and steam machine. The bombs
were lit on top of the ground and then some of the
men had to hold the pipe very steady with pipe
wrenches while others screwed the top on the bomb
to make it water-tight. There were eight sticks of
dynamite in each of these bombs, and as each one
Would hit the bottom and go off it would send up
water and cable into the air for many feet. During
this dangerous work the drillers were trying to

get more steam out of the old boiler so it could
pull harder, although it already showed 180 lbs.

On the guage.

‘Dad and I, who had been watching this
operation, decided to go down to the lower ranch
to get a small load of hay. The drillers were still
trying for more steam when we returned. We tied
Our team up near the barn and walked over to the
Steam boiler to try and get our hands and feet
warm, as it was mid-winter and terribly cold.
Dad went into the little 'doghouse' first, took off
his overboots and put his feet up to warm them.
He was sitting on a couple of barrels of new oil
that were parked in front of the boiler. He called
to me, 'Come on in - it's nice and warm in here’.
I don't know why, but I had stopped just outside
the 'doghouse' door and when Dad called to me,
all of a sudden I had a very Clear warning or
impression that we were to get out of there fast.

I yelled back to Dad, 'Come back out and let's

go quick!' He looked at me a second and said,
‘OK son, let's go then'. He didn't even put his
Shoes back on - just picked them up, Came out
and walked quickly with me to the oil rig in his
Stocking feet. As we entered the rig-house the
driller laughed at him and asked him why the such-
and-such he was running around in his stocking
feet. Dad answered that he believed in 'hunches'
and when he had seen the look on my face as I
yelled at him to get out of the 'doghouse', he had
a hunch he better do as Jasked. Well, just then
my brother Rex and the two other drillers came
into the rig-house from outside the rigs, making
it so that all six of us were then in the rig-house
which was built of planks and heavy tin. It was a
