Yesterday's Windows 372
to us sometime. Love to you all from your sister,

Ane Kirstine Andersen
(Stine Poulsen)'!

"Dear Brother in Law and Family

"T also bring you thanks for the picture you
sent us. Is it not strange that the number of
people increase so much? When we look at the
picture we realize that where there were about
forty years ago only two people, now there are
forty-six. Yes, yes, a half dozen strangers have
come into the family but in spite of that it is still
strange that the number has grown so large so
fast, The best thing about it all is that they look
like healthy people - all of them! I wonder if any
of the many children and grandchildren will ever
come to Little Denmark, the birthplace of the two
"Old: Ones''? It should be fun to see some of them
over here, It is often now you know that people
from the Far West visit Europe - even Denmark
gets a few guests from there, Yes, I know we
have had the pleasure of seeing one of the brood
over here, namely Anders, which all of us in the
family ‘are so fond of, I don't know if he will see .
this letter, if not tell him hello from:us and give
him thanks because he has been so friendly as to
come and visit us for some days here in Denmark,
It would make us happy if he would write us a letter
andtell us about his stay in Europe after he left us,
if he had any profit out of his trip and stay in the
famous. places. It would also be very pleasant to
hear what he is doing, if he is‘a teacher for a
group of young folks or if he writes books,

"Yes, now our children are also grown up.
The youngest, Viggo, will turn nineteen this 27th
of April. But he is not well and is at present at
the Tuberculosis Sanatorium, but we hope he will
be cured - he also has good hopes for himself,
There are so many here who have that sickness;
at the place where Viggo is they have 170 patients,
Our next youngest is Askel, he is twenty-two years
old, He is attending High School this winter and is
going in the military service in the fall, Next in
line comes Holger who is twenty-four. He was
home to celebrate Christmas vacation and then
