437 Wyoming Interlude

with a gun was at each dwelling and others had set
places to keep an eye out for, Each was cautioned
to shoot into the air as a warning for help if any-
thing unusual took place or anyone strange was
seen intheir area, There was a tenseness of fore-
boding in the air. Twenty-three year old Pearl and
her brother Roy, nearing seventeen, were on guard
at her's and their father's place on the night of
Tuesday, Oct, 2nd, 1917. Chris himself, saying
he was going down to one of his sister's places to
see how things were there, had left going in that
direction. The lights were out in the house but the
door was open in order that the two inside could
have a better view of the yard, though the opening
was protected by a screen door, Suddenly each .
‘saw, almost simultaneously, something moving
outside in the brush nearby - it looked like a man
crouched down, They both sprang to the door to
give a warning shot. One held the screen door
open while the other prepared to shoot into the air.
‘The action was almost automatic as they had been
so carefully instructed by their father in what.to

do in such a case,

But then something went wrong, The motion
that triggered the gun also jarred loose the screen
door and it swung into the path of the bullet and
banged shut, deflecting the shot to where it never.
had been aimed or intended, worlds without end.
It all happened so rapidly and then came the startling
and heart-rending cry into the night - "Oh...
You've got me!'' It was their father's voice, No
one on earth had known that the time of Christian I,
Christensen's probation was to be over then or
that so successful. a career would come to so sad .
anend, But though mortally wounded and in |
intense pain, heaven granted this exceptional man
a few more days of life that he might comfort his
grief-stricken children and try to make them
understand that they were no more to blame than
he, for he had thought they were asleep when he
had returned unexpectedly and thus failed to tell
them, Reason tells us that no one was to blame,
except perhaps the person or persons who had
perpetrated the whole thing inthe first place.

His wife and family were quickly notified and
