79 Norhagz

that! Mostly she wore her lovely tresses in two
full, round braids hanging down her back.. When
she became confirmed she could wear them as she
chose; perhaps she would wind them into a braided
crown upon her head, like Mor's.

Most likely Else Cathrine started to school
the October before she was 8, as was often the
practice if parents desired it. Mette was espec~
ially concerned for the education of her children
and would most probably have seen to it. Else
herself must have been anxious and proud to clop
along to the schoolhouse in her wooden shoes that
winter of 1854/55, along with Karen and Mads.

As a caution against the cold she would have worn
besides, long hand knitted woolen stockings well
up over her knees, and a half-sleeved shimmy and
flannel-lined bloomers under a heavy, long-sleeved
wool dress, with coat, cap, mittens and a shawl.
One had to bundle up in winters in Jutland. That
this child's interests in school ran to the reading,
writing and language skills and other academic
pursuits rather than to handicrafts, can be easily
imagined; although she must have learned all that
was necessary of the homemaking arts as well.
Karen was just the opposite; she liked the sewing
and other home arts best, while Mads was inclined
more like his younger sister; he wanted to become
a teacher. That Else gained favor with students,
teachers and the Priest because of her friendly,
eager and industrious nature. is also easy to
believe. And who can doubt, having known her,
but that she gathered friends and admirers, 46
flowers, along the path which led to her woman-
hood - friends in whom she delighted!

Bd oe a % *

Christmastime was like a bright diamond
laid in the center of winter. No one went to
school then, Preparations began long before the
time, especially where the gathering of supplies
and cooking were concerned. The holiday itself
lasted twelve good days and everybody wanted to
be in onit. Even the shops were opened but half
days for part of the time only, since nobody wanted
to be spending time buying then - ne}! There were
the Holy days and the half-Holy days; food in
