89 Bested

first organized the year 1844 by the Lutheran
Bishop N.F.S, Grundtvig, spiritual revivalist of
the Danish people, There were only a few of these
schools to begin with but their popularity had grown
until they were becoming nation wide, (Later on
practically all young people in the rural areas, who
could afford it, attended for additional post-school
education, and these old high schools are still in
existence in Denmark and have recently enjoyed a
revival of their popularity all over the Kingdom. )
This movement brought about a tremendous, enthu-
siastic elevation of the intellectual standards, even
in Else's time. There were still few enough of
these schools in the year 1862, and fewer still in
far northern Jutland, The city of Bested was for-
tunate to have one. Here Else found gay young
women learning to spin, weave and sew; others
simply improving their general knowledge; and
still others, like herself, hoping to specialize in.
education, literature, history, etc.,, in order to
qualify as teachers in the various Parish schools,
Young men too, and even older ones, were there.
learning more of practical farming and, when farm
work was slack, they too studied literature, geo-
graphy, etc, So here in Bested was one of these.
peasant "schools of life'', and Else Kathrine — |
Andersenwas one of the fortunate ones to be
learning there.

But she could scarcely wait for the Christ-
mas vacation, Never had she been so long away :
from those she loved, The day before Christmas
Eve, since the weather was mild for winter, Far
came to bring her home for the celebrations, —
"What are we having for the Yule feast - roast
goose?'' There were so many questions to be”
asked and answered on both sides as father and:
daughter rode along towards Norhaa. Did Karen
have a suitor yet? 'Nej.'' ''Was Stine looking
well to her studies for her confirmation next»
spring?" "Ja,'' -- but she has been sick and
missed some,'! Then it was Ander's turn for the
questions, ''Have you seen ought of those 'Mormon
Dippers' there in Bested?'' (This was something
that had been worrying him.) 'Nej.'' But Else
had heard from her roommates that some were
holding meetings near by. Then Far changed the
