313 A Clear Call

acquainted with a girl from Gjaerup, who worked
for Karen, and it soon became clear to us that God
had led us together. We became engaged the same
year and were married on the 25th of May 1876.

"On the 18th of March 1877 we had our first
son and he was christened and named Askel Hvid
(I had by then started to let myself be called Mads
_ Kristjan Hvid.) Onthe 16th of Feb. 1879 we had
our first girl, who was christened Valborg Hvid.
On the 11 Aug, 1880 the other girl was born and
received in her christening the name of Kirstine
Hvid (for mother), On the 24 Oct. 1881 we hada
boy, he was christened and called Kristjan Hvid
(for father), Onthe 11 Oct, 1883 another boy
arrived and was christened and called Jens Peter
but he died at 5 months, Onthe 5th Nov. 1884 a
girl was born, She was christened Marie Hvid
but died when ten days old. A few days later my
wife took ill and spent her time in bed, partly at
home and partly in Thisted, for a year anda half
and didn't have enough strength to turn over in bed
by herself. But on Nov. 9th 1885, two little ones
came, a boy anda girl. They were christened and
called after the other two who had died, Marie and
Jens Peter. On 3 Feb, 1888 we had aboy. He
was christened Johannes Hvid and he died at five
months old. On 22 Feb. 1889 our tenth child
arrived, a wonderful girl. She was christened
and named after our sister who died, Edel Petrea
Hvid. I forgot to mention that the twin, Jens Peter,
died at four months of age.

"Else Marie Pedersen is my wife's name.
She is now well enough that she got a sewing
machine this last winter and sews for all our little
ones, Yesterday she got her loom set up and wants
to start weaving. It has now been unused for nearly
seven years, Our attitude towards the previously
mentioned movement, which we were so happy
about, is otherwise now than it was before because
we think it to be superficial and not serious enough,
for these are serious times we are livingin. We
question if it is the spirit of the world that is
leading us or if it is the good Holy Ghost, It seems
to me that it appears to be the spirit or power of
the world that is ruling. But thank God we believe
