Everett Hale 808

he intends to go on the survey again. If he does I
want to be able to help him out so that he can go to
school next year. I believe I will encourage him

to go to Logan and take an engineering course, He
is taking a course by correspondence in drafting

but he is working at that under quite a disadvantage.
He will do fine in his line if he can get well prepared,
Iam going to make every effort to have him take a
complete course so that he can get where he would
like to."

Hale's drafting outfit came and he tried to
keep more or less employed with that during the
winter, He also advertized as having a ''parts
installing service'' and ''radio sets'' and got a little
business along that line. As spring approached he
helped on the place, pruning the trees, etc, His
twenty-first birthday, Mar, 12, 1928, was cele-
brated by a supper prepared by Aunt Myrtle in her
usual efficient manner and attended by several of
his young men friends, But he did not seem entirely
satisfied with life and wanted to ''reach out" for
something better, Nevertheless he didn't complain.

Among the letters Hale wrote at that time was
one dated Mar. 20, 1928 to his brother Sherman,
From this we quote:- "It's a beautiful spring
morning. , . Things are coming along all right on
the farm; lots of work as you may know. We haven't
started to put the crops in as yet but we are preparing
the land for same in husbandlike manner. Things
are surely getting beautiful around these parts,
everything getting green, and ummmm - spring is
in the air (as everything and everybody is hauling
manure).

"T went into town last night with Waldo Harris
and his brother, On the way home we ran out of gas
and had to push the big Studabaker up the last hill
and last lap, Waldo walked home with me and as
luck would have it we met a couple of Provo girls
I knew and they had underestimated their supply of
the midnight oil also. But after looking into the
tank we found plenty of the said necessary gasoline
and proceeded to play mechanics on their Chevrolet,
We had much trouble in agreeing as to the ailment
of the lemon, Waldo tore into the gas line and I
into the ignition and very soon we had all the loose
