Virginia 706

however, was when I returned to my hometown of
Manti and sang as guest lead in the high school
operetta ''Chimes of Normandy" under the direction
of one of my early music teachers, Ellis E. John-
son, who was a pillar of musical strength in Manti
‘for nearly half a century.

Summers at home in Manti were busy times,
There was always plenty of work to do even after
Father married "Aunt Myrtle" in June. 1920 and
brought her home to mother us, I had many friends
and "our crowd'! had lots of good times together.
Among other summer activities I usually took piano
lessons from Prof, Lavoir Jensen but my fingers
were too short to really achieve in that field.

Most of the summer of 1922 I spent at Star
Ranch keeping house for the farm hands in the
"south home". Among the group who had to put
up with my cooking were my brother Sherman,
Uncle Joe Snow, and the foreman of the ranch,
Mr. Christopherson, whose wife had gone away
to have a baby. My friend, Daniel Keeler, was
in Canada that summer and I corresponded with
him. Each afternoon I saddled a horse and rode
a mile or so to the little village of Mona to mail
the letters I had written and pick up any there for
me. Ioften bought crochet thread at the one small
joint store and postoffice that place afforded. I
spent the evenings working on my trousseau, for
by then Iwas contemplating marriage.

Back to Provo and B, Y, U. that September
I was plunged headlong into my busiest school year
ever, Iwas nominated as a candidate for Student-
body vice-president, The campaign was a hot one
and Llost to Alice Ludlow, now the wife of present
president of B. Y. U., Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson.
My disappointment was soon smothered in a maze
of other activities. The very day of the election I
got word that my essay had been chosen as one of
the best in the Heber J. Grant oratorical contest
preliminaries. Ilater gave my paper, ''Obedience
to Law'', as an oration in the contest and won first
place, for which I received an autographed book
and congratulations from the President of the
church, Heber J, Grant. It was only the second
year for the Grant oratorical contest which is still
