Christian 482

set for them in service to his fellowmen. (Has it
not been said in the scriptures - ''For he that hath
done it unto the least of these, my brethren, hath
done it unto me''.) Truly he was a doer of good as
well as a leader among men. Though he had little
opportunity for formal schooling, yet he was an
educated man with an educated heart - a great and
passionate heart. That one of his main goals was
to give his wife and children the better things of
life and leave them all well fixed, there can be no
doubt. For this he worked and labored hard, sacri-
ficing his own comfort. One cannot do everything
but Christian did much. He was a man of action.

Ex Ed 3K 3K Ed 3K *

Caroline Larsen (Christensen) wife of
Christian "I'' Christensen, was born in Christen-
burg, Sanpete, Utah 7 Apr. 1871, the daughter of
Ole Hansen Larsen and Inger Olsen (Larsen) early
Utah Pioneers, She was baptized a member of the
L. D. S. Church in the Sanpitch River which ran
near her home, in the early spring following her
eighth birthday. Her father was a farmer anda
freighter in those early Gunnison Valley days.
Caroline and her brothers and sisters helped on
the farm.

Pearl tells of her mother:-- ''Caroline
gleaned wheat with her mother, Inger, and others,
and her little bare feet would get so sore. Her
mother would wash and oil them and wrap them up
in rags. Many a night the small girl cried in pain.
Shoes were very hard to get at those times. Caro-
line had one pair for church and Sunday School,
‘Sunday shoes' they were called. This one pair of
little shoes she treasured very much, She was
about ten years old before she had shoes to wear
all of the time. The Larsen children and others
from Christenburg had a long way to go to church
and Sunday School, Primary, Religion Class and
also school, for they had to go to Gunnison, several
miles away.

"Caroline was a happy natured child and loved
to help her mother. She loved to sit by her side
and sew. When she had a few pennies she would
