471 Christian

a, I discovered to my dismay that what had
Lies to be feed was a worthless red weed and
. at held the sheep down was 4 plaster-of-paris
ee of clay that gathered on and stuck to their feet.
fy ena sheep would succeed in extricating one foot
I ane! this clay its other three feet would. stick fast.
; notified my brother Chris of this condition and
Ogether we went around the herd. We found that
mira rable number of the sheep had crossed
hed into the swale, or valley, to the east. We

So found that a considerable number had moved
= to the west. They were in clay up to their sides.
fe drove what sheep we could back to camp, where
ie ground was more firm, then we attempted to
ift the other sheep out of the mud and place them
On firmer ground. We soon discovered that our
an, feet would sink into the ground and when a
Cot was pulled out the boot would remain fastened.
= was about dark when we got all of the mired sheep
ack to firmer ground.

"The next day we worked the marooned sheep

ao to a small hill where we had to leave them for
hree or four days before we could get them back

with the rest of the herd. One of our burros got
into the clay up to her sides. We seemed unable
in the mud

Ns get her out; so, rather than leave her

© die, we put a chain around her neck and attached
a team of horses to pull her out, ‘To our astonish-
ment she came through the ordeal comparatively
unscathed. While she was useless until spring,
She later assumed her usual burdens. This was ©
the way we celebrated my sixteenth birthday, Dec.

13, 1888. (Chris was twenty-one)

- "After the herd moved away
ok we moved along ae : fe wi
quite severe. ong about Fe ruary
Orced to seek fee couniey Feb. 28, 1889 was
One of the coldest nights 1 was ever out in. Several
Sheep were frozen to death. The entire herd was
80 cold that it failed to leave the bed-ground until
about noon of the following day. We moved down
into what was locally called "Death valley". chin
after day came and went. I was up at daylight,

= breakfast, followed the sheep © h
ange, generally came pack to camp for luncheon,

from the mud
The winter
