Louis 606

(7) LOUIS "D" CHRISTENSEN

Louis, or ''Lou'', eighth child, fifth son and
seventh producing branch of the Laurs and Else K.
Christensen family, was born 20 Mar. 1880 in May-
field, Sanpete, Utah. He was christened Lars Peter
Christensen 1 June 1880 by Bishop Ole C. Olsen of
Mayfield. Soon the name Lars was changed to Louls
and in early manhood the middle name Peter waS
discarded in favor of the initial "D", For atime
Louis also changed the ending of his surname from
sen to son, as some of his older brothers had done,
but he eventually went back to the original Danish

Spelling of Christensen, which all of his descendants
now uSe,

When Louis was but a few months old his fathet
sold the home in South Mayfield and moved his family
into east Gunnison whe re they lived for a time in 4
small adobe house owned by his brother-in-law, Lars
Myrup. Then his father purchased a large lot in
northwest Gunnison, on which stood a small adobe
house of two rooms, and into this the family of nine
moved and lived in winters so that the older childre”
could attend school, In Summers for the next four
or five years, however, the family lived mostly 0?
a farm in north Christenburg, midway between d
Mayfield and Gunnison, which their father had leas©
from a well-to-do land and stock owner by the name
of Julius H. Christensen (no relation). It was here
on this farm, with lots of room to roam, that young
Louis Spent many of his early days. It was while
living here on the farm in Christenburg, when he
was just under five years old, that he suffered the
severe injury to the four fingers of his right hand,
which were so badly burned to the knuckles that

they could not be Saved. It was only through the
faith and prayers of members of his family and the
never-ending work and care of his doctor-nurse
mother, Else K., that the hand proper was pre-
Served. Even then this seemed like a miracle.
More details have been given about this accident
earlier in the book, Though knobs finally grew on
the stumps of his maimed hand, where the finger’,
had been, and though Louis later learned to use t -
