Prophecies Fulfilled 406

the gray hill supplied stone for new homes for new
people. But with all the new scenes and changes
the hill remembered the Nephite dedication, Then
it was spring again and today this memory was
especially vivid. Springtime always brought new
hope. Today was April 25, 1877, and the mountain
air was filled with wild flower fragrance and mating
songs of the birds, A gentle night rain had washed
the valley to sparkling brightness. The warm morn-
ing sun called from out the earth its verdant green
carpet and spread it wide, as if to welcome a noble-
man's coming; and today the gray hill felt the foot-
steps of another Prophet of God.

"Tt listened as the Prophet Brigham Young
told his companion, Warren S, Snow, 'Here is the
spot where the Prophet Moroni stood and dedicated
this piece of land for a temple site and that is the
reason why the location is made here and we can't
move it from this spot; and if you and I are the only
persons that come here at high noon today we will
dedicate this ground', Five days later construction
began and soon the temple started to grow like an
exquisite white flower from out the depths of the
hill, Eleven more years the gray hill waited to see
the Manti. Temple finished and its delicate towers
patterned against the sky, Then, at the glorious
sight of it, the heart of the hill burst wide open with
joy and let forth a flow of clear, pure spring water
so that lawns, trees, shrubbery and flowers could
be watered to thrifty growth,."'

The ''Plain Gray Hill" referred to in Florence
N, Bagnal's beautiful story was anything but plain
and gray when Laurs and Else Christensen, our
beloved grandparents, took up their temple work
in real earnest the beginning of the second decade
of the twentieth century in Manti. Then Temple
Hill, rich in tradition, stood green and bright and
crowned with a majestic temple of God; fulfilling
its sacred destiny, as the prophets of old had
foretold, And here to this Hill and this Temple
the aging couple went faithfully and often, as
brother Joseph Hatten Carpenter, Manti Temple
Recorder for some forty years tells:-- '. . ,
Laurs M, Christensen and his good wife, your
grandparents, lived in Gunnison for many years.
