Gunnison Valley 244

asking permission to have the 'Kraals', Pig Stys
and sheep pens outside the fort to keep it from
becoming disagreeably unsanitary", which was
granted we suppose. Albert Tollestrup's diary
contains these excerpts: 'We children would go
through the big gate down to Sanpitch River just
one block away. With pin hooks and thread lines
we fished for minnows, We brought some home to
fry but we also ate some raw Injun fashion, ‘'Sun-
flower Hole' and 'Big Roundy' were swimming holes
close by and a mile west of Rocky Point was 'Izen
Glass Hole' where we caught water snakes and blue
racers. Ina puddle nearby there was good clay ©
out of which we made horsemen and Indians and
put them on the rocks to dry, It was fun to climb
to the top of 'picket guard' on Rocky Point. We
could see the Sevier River, the White Hills, and
all over town and away to Fayette, Willow Creek
and Salina.'' ''When Hans C, Hansen-was a small
child he was playing alone outside the fort walls
one day. An Indian picked him up and took him to
his lodge. Hans' mother saw the Indian take him
and followed anxiously after them. When she
reached the wickiup the Indian was giving Hans a
pair of moccasins, Luckily the Indian was a
friendly one and she was able to take the boy and
hurry home. Hans liked the moccasins and was
‘allowed to keep them.'"' Sometimes people were
not so fortunate. White children were occasionally
stolen and never found; at other times they were
kidnapped by the Indians and redeemed after a
lapse of time in payment for food, blankets and»
anything the minds of the redmen could think up.

In the early spring of 1869 the Gunnison
people moved their cabins out of the fort and onto
their own city lots, set out fruit trees, planted
gardens and started many improvements in an
effort to beautify their abodes, In April they
decided to start a co-op store in the settlement.
ZC MIin Salt Lake City had merchandise avail-
able for such projects, so Bishop Horne went
north to get a load of goods. When he returned
there was much excitement in the town, but the
little house or store wasn't ready for the wares
so they were sold from the wagon. In two days
the store building was ready but the goods had all
