489 Andrew

ade love with Sarah. The year following his
i ate PEI they were married. This took place
ae 896 in the Manti Temple. (Andrew had
edits che a mission call to the southern states
ani r that year, but this was changed in order
Bete e might accept a call to develop the school
sy Utah.) In July oF August following their
om riage, the honeymoon trip was made in a
a ay containing all of their belongings as they
- e their way southeast, where father was to
rve as Principal of the Kanab District School. "'

ho Andrew and Sarah boa
me of a son of Jacob Hamblin, Walter Hamblin

— his wife Blanch Robinson Hamblin, who had
Ae married only about two years themselves.
feta, house in which they lived is still standing and
A ay 16 owned by some descendants 0 i
lsaar ten year old lady still living in Kanab
= 8) Mrs. Blanch Hicks Mace, once lived in the
She ~ across the road from the Hamblin place.
ee going there many years ago and
A eing a beautiful handmade picture of some yarn
“tcl hanging on the wall, She was told that
mie A. B, Christensen made the picture for
in anch Hamblin, when they lived there together
h the Gay Nineties. Mrs. Mace also remembers
= 4 husband, Charles Mace, speaking of Principal
Car B. Christensen, who signed Charlie's certifi-
ee ee from the 7th grade of the Kanab
istrict School, ] Apr. 1898. This certificate 15

still intact.

tac children have divi
D him into three parts - Dreams
reams Realized - Dreams Unful filled. Edythe

Writes:-- Being the eldest child to live, I shall
write mostly of the second part, for from these
years I can report first hand. Father did not do

things by halves. A degree from B. Y.- U. was
f teaching in

rded and roomed at the

ded their accounts

= enough. After two winters ©
t anab he took mother and their firstborn, Adelbert,
© Ann Arbor, Michigan, where hé entered the

This

University there.
it

el of Literature at the
when I made my appearance.

By Andrew remained in Ann Ar
ree years and won his diploma,

bor for nearly
being graduated
