697 Edith Lovena

own apartment there as long as she lived and all
else he could supply that her aging heart desired,
He has been a wonderful member of the church,
serving in numerous important capacities, the
climax of which would surely be presiding over the
East German Mission (later changed to North
German) from Aug. 1957 to Dec. 1959, which
included over 9, 000 Saints, about half of whom
were behind the Iron Curtain, where I labored
with him among the people I had learned to love
as a child,

"In the forty-one years my husband, child-
ren and grandchildren have always been my greatest
joy and concern. My home has been my castle,
whether our first rented apartment on 3rd Ave.
and C St.; our first owned home at 121 B St.; our
lovely home of sixteen years at 1176 East South
Temple; our farm, where the Skyline High now
stands, and the series of tents and cabins in which
we lived there in summers from 1934 to 1956; or
our beautiful 'dream house! at 3150 East 3600 South
into which we moved following our mission.

"We have traveled extensively during our
later years, sometimes taking our married child-
ren along, to many points of interest in the U.S.A,
Canada, Alaska, the Holy Lands, Japan, China,
Egypt, New Zealand, Australia, Tahiti, Fiji,
Hawaii, and other distant lands. Some of these
latter years have been marred for me by poor
health, including a heart condition, Ihave been.
promised other trips if my health improves,

These should include Mexico and South America.
We might then see some of the Book of Mormon
locales and artifacts first hand, I rest content
however, a most blessed and privileged woman,
My store of memories is rich and satisfying. It

is not necessary that Ibe given more. As I have
said and say of our five children I also say of our
twenty-five grandchildren: 'These are my jewels!'
The future is in their hands and 1 trust them,"

Edythe Lovena Christensen's and Burtis
France Robbins! children and descéndants: -

(A) Edythe Rae Robbins, b, 12 Apr. 1928 in Salt
Lake City, Utah; md. 20 Mar. 1950 in S. L. C.,
