205 Tragedy

brethren; -- 'Bridger, Wyo. Oct, 11 We camp
tonight on the Muddy - Ab Lowry". A well beaten
road led them from the Muddy River by way of
Bear River, Yellow Creek, etc., to the mouth of
Echo Canyon, thence up along the Weber River ten
miles via the present sites of Coalville, ,Hoyts-.
ville and Wanship, buffeting storms and cold most
of the way. Next their route led them through
Silver Creek Canyon, Parleys Park, and then over
the mountain and through Parleys Canyon, at the
mouth of which they entered Great Salt Lake Valley.
Here the mountains no longer came together to
close the view and by climbing up to a bluff, a
short distance above where the old Utah peniten-
tiary later stood, they could see Salt Lake City

in the distance, northwest, 'How beautiful - how
grand!'' was shouted back by those who ascended
to behold with rapture the ''City of the Saints!" --
the place they had all dreamed of, and prayed and
hoped so long to see, Ja, Ja; here it was at last -
their Zion - their Promised Land!

With mounting excitement the company con-
tinued down the mountain pass and on over the
area now called Sugar House; then crossing the
State road, they entered the Church farm where
they camped for the night. The next morning,
which was Mon, Oct, 22, 1866, all were eager
to fix themselves up before taking to the road
again, so it was approaching noon before they
had driven the additional four miles northward |
and entered the Church Tithing Office yard in the
heart of Great Salt Lake City. Here they were
expected, for word had gone ahead, and there
was quite a crowd of welcomers to greet them,
Some of the Scandinavians who had preceded them
in the three earlier companies were there, and
some seeking to claim the many orphans, Saints
who were lucky enough to have friends or kinfolk |
already living in the vicinity were met by these, ©
and the vanguard oftheir company, the sick, most
of them recovered, and the elderly - were there _
also, There was an abundance of joy and thanks-"
giving manifested on all sides - but undertones of.
sorrow too, for those who were expected and never
came,
