Kobbe rod 158

had a mind to spend some time with the governess,
Else, but it seemed impossible to find her alone.
She had wonderful energy and was so enthusiastic
and helpful that she was in constant demand by
someone or other in the Christensen household.
His mother, the gentle Karen, leaned on this girl
more and more, as it became apparent that she
was going to have another little one. How could he
compete with his own mother and four sisters for
the attention of one they all depended on so much?
What chance had a lone man in a household of
women, especially where any private courting

was concerned? -

Christen senior returned from Aalborg and
he too had a job for Else. He would trust it with
no one else but her, since his dear wife was then
too ill to help him. Would Else make hima special
lining for his waistcoat? This she would gladly do,
she said, and she gave no thought to the big task it
might be for it sounded simple enough in the asking.
This must be kept a secret thing, her employer
said, done after most others of the household had
gone off to bed, ‘Twas the strangest hand sewing
Else had ever done, Into each small section of the
newly made vest lining was to be placed a gold coin
and sewn all around; which turned out to be a tre-
mendous job. When Laurs offered to help - hand
her the coins or just anything - his father, sensing
something or other in the wind, withdrew in his
son's favor, And so at last Else and Laurs sat
there alone together, late into each night that it
took to complete the job; he, like old Midas of the
story, fingering the yellow gold and she sewing
round and round each piece as she put it in the
lining of Christen's vest, He spieled off jokes,
one after the other, in great style, with no trouble
at all; but when he tried to talk of the things nearest
his heart then, his tongue was tied. Else laughed
happily at each joke, but all the time she was
thinking how much she was drawn to this handsome
young fellow with curly hair like his father, and so
good and kind and unassuming, like his gentle
mother; yet somehow so very much like her
brother Mads, withal,

Else hadn't been able to bring herself to
