269 United Order

my brother. It was a beautiful day in early sum-
mer when the air was balmy and laden with the
smell of pinon pine, cedar and flowers along the
way. But the joy of riding soon vanished. Immed-
lately ahead there came toward us a band of
Indians, swinging their blankets and ‘whooping it
up' in regular Indian style, We turned the pony
and sped towards home. I clung to my brother in
terrible fright. Soon the Indians were upon us,
Further efforts to escape were useless. We
slowed our pace and, numb with fear, awaited
what it seemed would be an inevitable doom. To
Our great surprise the Indians passed by and as
they did so one of their number said in a rather
pleasant voice, 'Hello bub, did you get scared?!
After recovering from the excitement I found that
One shoe of my only pair had been lost. Notwith-
Standing its great value, we had no immediate
desire to go back to find it. Later efforts to locate
the shoe failed, For the rest of the summer I went
barefoot, which was the custom in Mayfield among
the children generally, The lack of shoes did not
deter us from freely roaming through the fields
and along the foothills.

''When I was a little older, Indians became
more familiar, Considerable nurnbers camped a
short distance south of the village. Often in the
groups of Indians were boys of my own age - 6o0r
7? years old, From time to time, with other boys,
I visited the camp and engaged in playing, and at
times wrestling, with Indian boys my size, The
8rown-up Indians took great delight in the sport,
€specially when an Indian boy would throw one of
us, At such times they would yell and applaud,
but would become silent and detached when an
Indian boy was thrown. (After Mayfield was
Settled, Indians often came, spending a week or
two in town gathering food such as flour, pork and
eggs. They often brought dried venison to trade, )

‘Later when I could ride alone I learned that
a boy makes a poor hitching post, My father and
Some of the older boys were working on a 15-acre
farm about a mile east of Mayfield. They were
Ploughing with old Tom and Jerry, a yoke of oxen,
I rode the pony up to the farm. As the sun warmed
