971 Kathryn Christensen

marriage would not survive the strains of changed
goals and ideals, The Russian experience proved

to be disadvantageous to our marriage. During
the summer of 1962 I went back to school in earnest.
Bert was in Russia most of this summer and several
other times during these years in Indiana. I
received much help from the Evan Memmott family.
They, with eight children, were living in a large
trailer house while Evan was obtaining his PhD
degree. During this summer their oldest daughter,
Mary Lee, brought several of her younger brothers
and sisters over to my large house and tended them
and my children while I went to school and Brother
and Sister Memmott typed his dissertation. In the
fall Mother came to care for the children while I
went full time to school.

'I majored in Library Science. In the spring
I flew to Palo Alto, California for a job interview
and signed a contract as an elementary school
librarian with the Palo Alto Unified School District.
I had had job offers for Seattle Public Library, the
University of California at Santa Barbara, public
school at Lompoc, California, and one in Oregon.
I had been invited to stay at Indiana University as
librarian for their new elementary library at their
training school there. I chose Palo Alto largely
because Kent and Betsy Christensen lived there at
the time and the salary offered was exceptionally
good. Betsy and Grandpa Todd found a home for
me and purchased it with some of Dad Todd's and
Mother Christensen's money in June. Betsy and
Dad repainted it and had it all ready for us when
we arrived in August of 1963. Iwas granted a
divorce on August 1, 1963. Bert was in Russia
at the time. I finished my MAT degree on August
1lth and we moved the next day. We drove in
convoy with Tom Moon as far as Salt Lake City
where a family gathering at Reed and Norma
Webster's welcomed us home. A few days later
I drove on to Palo Alto where we found the first
home ever to belong to us ready and waiting for
Mother remained in Salt Lake City.

"My job in Palo Alto entailed going to five
schools a week to train student librarians, teach
library skill, give book talks and literature

us.
