741 Louis Lucien

The skeleton of the small log and lumber farmhouse
they lived in then is still standing (1969) on what is
now the Ray Taylor ranch, Lucien and his sister
LaFaun, two years older, were great pais. There
was no one else to play with on the ranch except
their baby brother Rex, who was sickly. Some-
times they got lonesome. LaFaun tells about
Lucien and herself running away from the ranch
one day and walking all the way to Gunnison before
they were "apprehended",

- Lucien was baptized a member of the LDS
church 5 Sep. 1911 in the beautiful Manti Temple,
a privilege made possible at that time to children
who turned eight in Sanpete Valley. Not very many
children of the church had the opportunity of having
their baptism ina temple. Soon other places were
provided for those of Sanpete Valley also,

Lucien remembers, while a boy in Gunnison,
of driving up to Manti to visit his Danish grand-
parents quite often, along with the rest of his
family. In the wintertime they would heat large
rocks to put under the quilts that covered them in
the buggy, to keep their feet warm. He says he
always looked forward to those trips with great
anticipation and happiness,

His father was away from home with the
sheep so much of the time, both winters and sum-
mers, but when he was home they had such good
times together. He remembers well the many
trips he and his father took together in the moun-
tains in the Gunnison area and later in Wyoming.
They would travel all day in the mountains, catch
fish for dinner and camp all night. He really
enjoyed those trips as a boy. He has always
enjoyed fishing, hunting and horseback riding,
ever Since he was a small lad.

Lucien was only a few months past five years
old when his father bought his grandparents' rock
house on the corner of Second West and First North
in Gunnison, This house is still standing and now
owned by Ella Knighton Hansen, Lucien visited
that home this past year (1968) for the first time
in fifty-two years, He also visited the home in
Mayfield, Utah where his father was born in 1880,
