973 Kathryn Christensen

was staying. We met at the home of Neal and
Colleen Maxwell and were both immediately
impressed. We had several dates before I left

for California and on to Europe, including a day

or so at Jackson Hole with the Websters and
friends for the Fourthof July. We were both
rather confident that this was a highly desirable
relationship. After writing for the six weeks while
I was away in Europe, several weeks from Palo
Alto to Logan and six weeks while Del was in
Ecuador and Bolivia with intermittent visits
between, the marriage date was moved up from
March to June to December. We were married

in the Oakland Temple on December 17, 1967,
honeymooned in Sausalito, returned to Palo Alto
two days later for an open house at Kent and
Betsy's, and moved immediately to Logan where
we had purchased a house two weeks earlier. Utah
friends and family honored us and welcomed us

graciously.

"In purchasing the house we had in mind
buying one large enough for Del's three children,
who were with their mother, and my four. We
found just the perfect house and furnished it from:
the beginning for seven children. The hoped for
but unexpected opportunity to have the three
Gardner children - Naunie Marie, Brigg, and
Bruce - came in mid-February when their mother
called from Reno saying that we could have them
at least for the school year. So nine sat about
our big round (now oval) table that I brought from
Indiana, seven single beds filled the four large
children's bedrooms, and life looked to be very
full and joyful and challenging. How long we will
remain in Logan is indefinite because Del has
several interesting offers other places, but life
seems beautifully full and choice here in this
lovely little valley. The past seems full of great
blessings and some heart aches, but brothers,
sisters, other family, and dear friends have long
since helped to melt the latter away. The present
with Del is so delightful and the future looks so
very bright, I remain awed at the blessings of

the Lord.
"During the late summer of 1967 I was asked
