Farrald DeLong 830

into the Stake as YWMIA secretary, which position
she still holds."

Farrald served in World War II in the Navy.
He was ona destroyer escort in the Pacific much
of the time. He left his wife and children in Salt
Lake City, going in Mar. 1944 and returning twenty
months later, in November 1946. He was with the
U. S. Naval forces which were poised for a gigantic
invasion of Japan, when the war ended, This was
entirely voluntary service as far as Farrald was
concerned, since he was not required to go except
by the dictates of his own conscience and his deep
sense of patriotism.

He continues his report: ‘We have four child-
ren, all boys: Carl, Beulah's son by a previous
marriage whom I adopted, Leon, Lavon and Gerald
Ray. When we finally went to the temple (29 Jan.

1964) all four of the boys went along and were sealed
to us.

"Carl was called on a mission for the church
shortly after graduating from Davis High School.
He was called to serve in Argentina but was sent
at once to Chile where he served in what became
the Chilean and then the Andes Mission.
graduated from Bountiful High School and
the University of Utah for two years befor
ing a miSsion call to Denmark, After rej
home he went back to the Un
Lavon also graduated from
and attended the University
He then entered military se
Viet Nam with the 4th Infan
home and back at the University, Gerald also
finished High School at Bountiful and started
college at the Uof U. After the first quarter he
received a call to the Northern Me

xican Mission.
He too is home again and back in school at the
University,

attended
e accept-
urning
iversity and graduated.
Bountiful High School
of Utah for two years.
rvice and served in
try. He is now safely

"I myself am now secre
Priests group in our Ward in Bountiful so am not
entirely at my ease,"! Farrald, upon questioning,
admitted he had other hobbies besides his family
and the church, mostly "do-it-yourself" projects,
We would like to add that he has a great spirit of

tary for the High
