33 Way of War

whereafter the entire Dano-Norwegian fleet then
stationed there, was hauled out of the harbor for
the last time. There went the pride and joy of two
kingdoms gliding out to sea. ''The beaches were
black with people watching in deadly silence as
their beloved vessels slid slowly past--and Danish
naval officers wept.'' The whole affair seemed so
absurd, There was no proof whatsoever of any
hostile intentions on Denmark's part or of the
necessity of attacking Copenhagen at all. (We
can't take anything away from the English though,
for they were gentlemen all the way--they left
commissioners behind to pay for their board and
room and gallantly left a pleasure frigate that had
been presented as a gift to the Crown Prince by
his uncle, the King of England.) There were com-
plaints in many quarters outside Denmark, includ-
ing some of the members of England's own House
of Lords,

Denmark was sucked into the European
whirlpool, there could be no doubt now where she
must stand, She joined with Napoleon and, though
for seven years England controlled her territorial
waters, waged a gunboat war against her, Norway
was the hardest hit, as her coasts were blockaded
till famine came, and in the midst of it Sweden took
her over, This terminated the 439 year union be-
tween the twin kingdoms, Norway and Denmark.
Denmark's days of prosperity were over. The
war with England had completely destroyed her
maritime trade. Her tiny distant colonies were
cut off and her national economy was bankrupt.

She had nothing left outside her poor, beaten,
country except Greenland, the world's largest
island (mostly a cake of ice), the Virgin Islands
(which she later sold), the Faroe Islands in the
northern Atlantic, and Iceland. (Incidentally, _
Iceland and Denmark had been united under the
same kings for 564 years, when Iceland took
advantage and dissolved this union abruptly, as. .
Denmark struggled for her very existence under..
the occupation of the Germans during Herr Hitler's
rampage of 1939-1944, This Icelandic treatment
was a last straw; it was like kicking a pal when he
is down. )
