Louis 612

private detective who had been hired to investigate
the trouble and came out for six months, with his
traps, clamps, guns, saddles and other gear,
masquerading as a trapper, was busy at his work
and sometimes stirring up more trouble for the
Christensens than help, it seemed. Known as
Operative #209 this Mr. Davis set up and serviced
his traps and then appeared to loiter in saloons,
stores, sheep camps, ranches, town dances or
any place he could secretly take the pulse of public
or private opinion. He operated mainly in the
areas of the mostly Mormon community of Lyman
and the somewhat anti- Mormon one of Mountain
View, some miles apart in Uinta County in the
Bridger Basin of Wyoming. He sent in his reports
to his superiors weekly, and abstracts from a few
of these give an indication of the opinions he was

able to glean: (For obvious reasons only initials
are used here for most names, )

"Jan. 1, 1918 - Opr.
great deal of talk right now
burnings. It seems that ev
Opinion and one and al] connect the name ''H" with
the burnings. There was an article inthe Bridger
Valley Enterprize recently giving a list of people
who had contributed towards a fund for Mr. Chris-
tensen that he might rebuild his home again, and
you can be sure none of the ""H'' pangs names were

there, though the petition was said to have been
presented to them,

finds that there is a
about the Christensen
erybody has the same

set up a few traps, then
rode over towards Mountain View where Mr, 'H'
lives, I stayed Overnight at the ranch of a Mr. 'R'
who referred to the Christensen fires and said that
‘The Black Hand' had burned Mr, Christensen's
house twice and caused the shooting of Mr. Chris-
tensen's brother, He Seemed to think it was an
outrage and about time the authorities were doing
something about it. I asked him if he had any idea
who would do such a dastardly trick. He said no
one Seemed to know positively but that the Chris-

P a good deal of government ;
land formerly used by Mr. 'H' as a lambing ground
and that a great many people in the county were of
the opinion that 'H' is the man who is responsible
for the fires. . . All the interviews I have had with
