Bested 118

arrangements for the position for her, and let her
have word of it in Norhaa as soon as a letter came
back. He had taken the address of her parents to
reassure her, Else herself had stayed ona few
more days at the humble cottage and then boarded
the first available stagecoach going north. She
remembered again, as the horses tugged and
strained at the coach in the deep snow under the
fitful prodding of the coachman's whip, the lines
she loved from "Hamlet", -- 'There is a divinity
that shapes our ends, rough hew them though we
may.'' What will be will be, she thought. She had
done the best she knew - what came now was up to
heaven. But it would be so good to be home again,

It was past dark when they arrived at her
parents' cottage. There was no one standing at
the door to greet her for she was not expected,
The coachman's sharp commands to the flagging
animals, the flash of swinging lanterns, and the
grinding of coach wheels to a stop, however,
brought a pull-back of a curtain at the front window
and then a loud calling inside -- ''Far, Mor, it is
Else !'' Then the door was flung wide and Karen
was there on the stoop in one and the same breath
nearly. At the same moment giggling Marie flew
out from the kitchen, and there were kisses all
around as her sisters helped her carry in her
valises and boxes. Her father stood up smiling
from his chair, putting his pipe away, reaching
out as she ran to him and almost smothered him
in her embrace. "Else, my Else", he almost
sang it; ''to think you should have come back to us
on your eighteenth festival!'' She had forgotten her
own birthday. ''February 9th, eighteen years ago,"
Far continued; 'how well I remember - it was
almost such a night as this when you first came
to us, We were expecting someone then - a boy
I had hoped", and he winked at her in the old way.
Then all was well here afterall, Else thought; but
where was her mother? She went then and stooped
to plant a kiss on the pale cheek of the ailing Stine,
for she was sitting by the fire, propped up in a big
chair, smelling of mustard plasters and other
remedies for her old complaint. She'd been brought
from the school at Thisted, she said, for the damp
and cold had set her breathing queezily again. Else
