943 Mabel Norma

large bone in my right forearm had been blown
completely away, as well as one finger and the
ends of three others.

'tAs I reached the first-aid station, which
occupied a factory building that had been captured
just that morning, I discovered that a German
doctor had also been taken prisoner an hour or
two before. He volunteered his services, and
within ten minutes from the time I was wounded a
skilled medical man was working on my arm, tying
off the bleeders, cleaning out the wound, applying
a traction splint, and administering pain-killing
There is no doubt in my mind that this
man saved my right arm. I couldn't help feeling
that God had had a hand inthis. A shell had ripped
the front pocket of my jacket completely off without
leaving a scratch, I had been only an inch or two
away from certain death. I was grateful to God
for letting me live, but knew I had done nothing to

deserve the gift.

"By noon that day Ihad been removed to the
field hospital for care prior to being evacuated to
England. I was transferred from the front to an
English hospital, and from there to Bushnell
General Hospital in Brigham City, Utah. Though
I did not like the idea of being sent to an amputation
center, it was just fifty short miles from there to

my home in Salt Lake City, and I arrived home in
time to celebrate V.E. Day with my parents on

May 8, 1945.

The doctors at Bushnell.General Hospital
insisted that any attempt to. rebuild my arm into,a
useful limb would meet with failure and that I would

be much better off with a hook than a useless hand.
Being completely opposed to their attitude I finally
managed, after six months, to get transferred to
Dibble General Hospital in Palo Alto, California,

There began the first of a series of twenty-five
major operations necessary to rebuild my arm.

"Those two-and-a-half years spent in and
out of hospitals was a difficult period for me, not
only physically but emotionally, but were perhaps
the most valuable years of my life. During this
time an extremely impatient young man had to

drugs.
