Luther Bartholomew 850

"This year I really took an interest in school.
I received straight A's and again I Sang in the
school operetta. I went to school here for two
years but still lacked credit to graduate, I had
become interested in veterinary medicine and so I
applied to Washington State College for entrance.
They accepted me and said to come to the college
and I could make up the credit. I enrolled in the
Pullman High School and took part time work at
the College. I graduated from high school there.
I had met Some boys at the Veterinary Hospital in
Glendale who were also attending Washington State
College in the school of Veterinary Medicine, so
five of us batched together. I did the cooking and
they did the housework, That Summer I came back
to California and went to work for the Hollywood
Cat and Dog Hospital for Dr. Fosbinder. This was
the spring of 1932, a time of depression when wages
were low. I never made over $100. 00 a month until
- degree. My free time
was Wednesday and Friday nights and every other
Sunday. I enjoyed my work here. I drove the
ambulance and really learned the city well, I met
a lot of famous stars in this way.

"This fall I met my girl through my sister
who was here going to Art Center school. After
dating her for three months she left for San
Francisco, Once a month I went to visit her there.
I would drive all night Saturday after work, spend
Sunday with her, then drive all night Sunday night
to get back in time for work Monday morning. On
one telephone call to San Francisco, I had care-
fully looked up the rate (ninety cents for three
minutes). I just naturally assumed that the oper-
ator would tell me when the thr
As time went by and she didn't
she had forgotten and that I wa
I was floored when she
512. 50 eal,

ee Minutes were up.
tell me I thought
s talking for free.
called back to verify my

"Nov. 17, 1934 my brother Wendell, who
was then a Mormon Bishop, married us at his
home in Los Angeles, He managed to misspell
her last name so we really never knew whether
we were legally married until we went through
the Los Angeles Temple twenty-seven years md
