833 Imelda Peterson

being able to 'spell down" anyone in her class
when spelling matches were held,

Imelda was going on eighteen when her
mother died. Her sister Ada soon married and
in early 1930 Byron left for his mission, She was
left to care for things at the home. She was always
active in the organizations of the church. Cousin
Vera Clark lived with her the winter of 1930/31
and went to school in Gunnison. She remembers
how good Imelda and Uncle Charles were to her.
They took her along to Delta on occasions to visit
Ada, and Imelda took her to MIA with her to visit
her class, for she taught the Beehive girls at that
time.

Imelda attended Snow College at Ephraim
and also BYU at Provo for one quarter. Then she
went with Cousin Gladys to Salt Lake to attend
Henager Business College for a short while, In
early spring of 1934 she was called to serve in the
Canadian Mission, She writes of this:- 'I was out
for twenty months, I left the Mission Home 21 Mar,
1934, The cities of Hamilton, St. Catherines and
Montreal were my assignments, Toronto was our
Mission Home in Canada and we traveled both by
land and by water to our missionary conventions
that were held there. We joined with many miss-.
ionaries at the Prophet Joseph Smith's birthplace
in Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont, in an out- .
standing missionary reunion, We were. about fifty
in number and were there for five wonderful days,
We traveled by bus from Montreal and. ferried
across Lake Champlain. The beauty of the country
still lingers inmy memory. Another inspiring,
missionary conference was held. on Mt, Patriarch,
It was called the South Royalton reunion. John
Bluth was our mission president at that time and
Elder Wallis, traveling Patriarch at the time,
officiated, "'

Imelda's sister Ada writes: ''At one time
Imelda's mission president was Woodrow Miller
of the Miller Honey Company, One of her com-
panions in the mission field was Chyio Thomas,
daughter of U. S, Senator Thomas from Utah. In
Dec, 1936 she was released from her mission and
she and Chyio were invited to the White House as
