305 Brown Kit,

a superb view of the country round about, north,
south and west, It was impossible to imagine a
more eminent location for a temple and one afford-
ing greater opportunity for artistic and delightful
surroundings,

The building itself was 171 feet 6 inches long,
92 feet wide, and 79 feet high to the square, plus
the two towers reaching heavenward, the one on
the east 169 feet. These were thirty feet square
at the base but tapered upward, The walls of the
main building were 3 feet 6 inches thick at the
base, with 4-foot buttresses, diminishing to 3
feet at the square and the buttresses to about
2 feet 6 inches. The building itself, as well as
the towers, had ample window facilities. Adjoin-
ing the structure on the north was a heating plant
and annex. The grounds were terraced and planted
with vines, shrubs, trees and flowers. The public
highway ran past the temple from which the ascent
to the ground floor was over thirty feet, but a
sloping drive beginning at the north, passing under
part ofthe east edge of the building and finding an
Outlet on the south, made the ascent easy. Two
lengthy flights of steps led up to the temple, a
great wide one of cement on the west and a narrow
one on the far south just east of the driveway.

The interior of the temple matched the
exterior in beauty and workmanship in every
degree, perhaps one of the most distinctive
features being the two spiral stairways of
choicest wood which had been so intricately
balanced as to need no center support at all.

The height of each of these was 95 feet from floor
to ceiling and they contained 150 steps apiece.
There were only five such unusual stairways in
the United States, including the two in this temple.
(Even today there are only five in the U. S. A.
and no other temple has the likes of these. )
Overall, the Manti temple had been a gigantic
undertaking and at the time was the finest struc-
ture yet to be erected in the Rocky Mountains,
although it was the third temple.

Out of the hearts, out of the foodstuffs, out
of the labors and sacrifices of these people this
temple had been built. A Sunday egg here, a
