255 United Order

fences and bridges and taught Arapeen's people
"white man's ways'' with the land. One hundred
and ninety-five acres of land was under cultivation
at the Indian Farm there in 1858, which produced
about twelve hundred bushels of wheat besides
corn and potatoes that year,

Chief Arapeen died of smallpox on the moun-
tains between Sevier and Grass Valleys, as he was
returning from a good-will trip to the Navaho coun-
try, and not long afterwards the Indian Black Hawk
took over as the main Chief of the Utes in his area,
It was only a few years after that the Indians were
at war with the whites again, and as we should
recall, this so-called Black Hawk War was some-
what triggered by the bad temper of former Chief
Arapeen's son, Jake Arapeen. After the Black
Hawk War began, in the spring of 1865, the Indians
never came back to live in Arapeen Valley, though
some came back often enough to steal and kill.
During the war the deserted Indian village and
farm on Twelve Mile became a military camp and
a number of different cavalry and scouting com-
panies were stationed there off and on for three
summers, under the overall supervision of General
Daniel H. Wells. After hostilities were considered
over, the settlers once again began visiting Arapeen
Valley.

In the month of May 1870 Simon Hansen, Mads
Peter Sorenson and Carl Olsen drove their ox teams
from Gunnison to Twelve Mile canyon to cut timber
for homes and fences, They took the dirt road on
the north side of Sanpitch River going southeast
and crossed over below Chalk Hill, then followed
along the east side of the river to Twelve Mile
crossing (Christenburg) up past. the.''red hills"
around the lake to Arapeen Valley, , Lush Spring-
fed meadows lay to the north, The. ‘canyon stream
cut a well-willowed path through. the wide creek |
bottom. As they pulled up onto the south side of
the bench above the bottoms, a magic circle of
earth and sky, bordered by a panorama of hills
and mountains, surrounded them. Te the east
was Musinia (Mary's Nipple) and the Wasatch
Plateau, to the south the Glenwood mountain, to
the west, above and beyond the low hills,
