51 Other Dimensions

the LDS church continued to grow and prosper in
Denmark.

At the General Conference of the new church,
held in Copenhagen in April 1853, it was announced
that membership in the Scandinavian Mission then
numbered 1, 331, of which 1, 133 were Danish, 88
Norwegian and 110 Swedish. Baptisms’ of members
were well over a thousand for each of the years.

-1856, 1857, 1858. At the close of the year 1859

the Mission contained 3, 934 baptised members of
the. Restored Church, 2, 512 in Denmark.. These
were over and above the over 2,000 who had emi-
grated.to Zion, the 460 who had "lost the faith"!

and been excommunicated, and a number who had
passed on, Even members of the national govern-
ing bodies themselves began to be alarmed because
of the progress of the new church in their midst,
and well they might have been. ''The local brethren
were as apt to hear of the Restored Gospel one day,
be baptised on the next, and on the third be called,
as likely as not, as 'traveling Elders', every man
to warn. his neighbor." '

Why were conversions so easily made in the

Scandinavian Mission? ‘Who can deny that part of

the seed of Israel had been scattered in that land

of the Norsemen and that the sheep knew the voice
of the shepherd? The homeland of these people

had been the homeland, as we ‘know, of the early
Vikings. It was a more or less common occurrence

for the people to find here old battle shields, large

stones or other objects with ancient runic writings

on them, in the fields or on the sea coasts, These

"finds" were often sent to educational institutions
where men of higher learning translated them and
published the findings. Was it not then simple
enough and logical also for many Scandinavian
people to believe the stories that the missionaries
told of golden and brass plates found in a hillside
in distant America? And when found by a young,
Prophet, was it not perfectly natural that he. <
should translate the writings found thereon and
have them published? And so they believed!
