And Should We Die 346

someone who had just lost a little girl named Ada,
so we went to see her, Sister Christensen called
her husband in from outside and they talked things
over and then said one more mouth wouldn't make
any difference with them; so Iwas takenin, It
reads like a book. They were so wonderful to me!
There are no words written or spoken that are good
enough to describe them, They treated me as their
own. If Vena got new shoes - I got new shoes; if
Vena got anew dress - I gota newdress, The rest
of the family were grand to me too,"

So once more the Gospel of the Master came
into action in the home of Laurs and Else Christen-
sen of Gunnison, for had it not been said, ''Be ye
doers of the word and not hearers only. . . dry up
the tears. , . comfort the sorrowing. . . ease the
pain of the sick. . , share with the hungry and
needy. ..'' And little Ada's empty bed was filled
again and Elvena had a playmate and companion in
the home, younger than she by nearly two years,
to be sure, yet in the matters of the world, much
older and wiser, They went to school together and
Tresia took the surname of Christensen as long as
she lived with them and attended school there in
Gunnison, which was for some six or seven years
after that. Today Tresia lives in Maricopa, Cali-
fornia and is in her eightieth year, the only one of
those living today who once mingled intimately
within the confines of this Christensen home. And
how well she remembers those days when first she
came to dwell there. Vena was the only one of the
family attending school then in Gunnison, except
herself as mentioned. Christian was of course
married and mostly away with the sheep; Andrew
too was married and teaching in Kanab; Joseph,
also married, was teaching in Centerfield but
living in Gunnison; Albert was beginning his first
year of law school back in Ann Arbor, Michigan;
Elsie was also teaching in Centerfield and driving
back and forth; Emma was teaching in Spring City,
and seventeen year old Louis and fifteen year old
Arthur were with the sheep on and off, helping
Chris with the various herds, although Papa and
Mama, as Tresia always called Laurs and Else,
would have much prefered having them in school,
And what teases those two younger boys were!
