Weldon D., 872

them from the ranch. These were critical times
for their family as well as others of their Christen-
sen relatives who had also taken out homestead
property on The Oasis,

Weldon attended school in Lyman and also in
Evanston and a short time in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
Like so many of the grandsons of Laurs and Else
K, Christensen he grew to be a big fellow, He
often helped his father on the ranch near Lyman,
Wyoming, and was the only one of the children of
Louis and Florence Christensen who chose to make
a permanent home in the area, He has had a num-
ber of unusual, impressive experiences in his life-
time, One was when the big boiler blew up on the
ranch and he and his father and others were mir-
aculously saved, Another was when his father died.
These two experiences have been related earlier in
this book in the history of his father.

Weldon has told us something of his later life
in these words:-- "I married a girl named Beth
Blackner (b. 26 Feb. 1916 in Lyman, Wyoming to
Frank and Mary Margaret Syme Blackner) 11 Apr.
1932, first in Evanston, Wyoming and then thirteen
years later, 28 Nov, 1945, in the Salt Lake Temple.
We have a beautiful daughter, Colleen, born four
years after our civil marriage and sealed to us at
the time of our sealing in the temple. She married
a man named Wallace Hart and they have three
children, They are all very wonderful.

"IT myself am 6 ft. tall, with brown hair and
brown eyes and weigh 225 lbs, My wife Beth is
5 ft, 4 inches tall, weighs 114 lbs. and has black
hair and brown eyes, We have enjoyed our mar-
riage together and have had a very deep love for
each other, our daughter Colleen and her children
and also for her husband who has been a model
husband and a good father.

‘We own our own home which we built our-
selves, which is the third house we have built here
in Lyman, Bethis a secretary to the superintendent
of the Lyman High School and has been for more
than fifteen years, Before that she was a clerk in
the Lyman Mercantile here for fifteen years, I
myself have been mostly in carpentry work but ran
