Everett Hale 812

given a real Christmas appearance, The folks

here will bring presents this evening and try to

give Hale as pleasant a Christmas Eve as possible,
We should like to be here, but Hale wants us to have
our usual Christmas Eve at home for the children's
sake, He says he will certainly be there in thoughts,
and then we will come up tomorrow, children and all.

"Hale has been the most wonderful spirit
through all this long suffering and still keeps his
sweet disposition. He is a favorite and the nurses
all really love him and seek to do everything for
him possible. . . The awful reality of his not being
able to get well is forcing itself upon us in spite of
our great hopes and constant prayers. I feel that
Hale too realizes the situation and is making a
valiant fight to keep us hoping and to save us from
the terrible shock. . . If ever a man has proved
himself worthy of the highest respect and admira-
tion under the most trying conditions and suffering,
that one is our Hale. And through it all it has
seemed that his greatest concern has been for
us. . . Well, if he must go, his young life and
character will be an inspiration to all of us to
achieve nobility of character and real success,

I always thought that Hale had the making of a fine
man, and the test that has come to him has proved
him worthy of a place among the glorified,"

Sherman came from Washington shortly after
the holidays and spent a week with Hale, It was a
reunion and a farewell for two devoted brothers,
with smiles hiding heartbreak, one on the threshold
of full manhood and success - the other smitten and
wilting in his hospital bed, When and where are
decisions of such distinction made?

Cancer is a vicious and unmerciful foe, Hale
suffered on, as revealed in others of father's letters
written at intervals to Sherman:-- "Jan, 29, 1929 -
I just came from the hospital where I have been
visiting Hale all day, The wonderful fight he is
making must challenge our admiration and we can
hardly think of him losing the fight. Dr. Andrew
said tonight he is a most wonderful patient and it
is almost more than he as a doctor can stand to
see Hale so courageous and find himself helpless
to help him. . . Feb, 13 - Hale is in very great
