63 Kjallerup

Mette, from her couch, face wreathed in pain,
urges him to be gone, It's a harsh night to be out
in but he must hitch the wagon and fetch the mid-
wife. Donning his sheepskin coat he chides eight
year old Christen - ''Now mind the log fire for
your Mor'', and as Mette cries out again, adds
quickly: 'Ja, Ja - Igo now". Pulling his fur cap
low he turns to the door, bracing himself for the
weather outside. He hopes this baby will be an-
other boy - aman can use sons ona farm.

Anders himself had been born in this small
farming village of Kjallerup forty years ago come
April, and had lived on this very farm as long as
he could remember. His father, Christen Chris-
tensen, had come from the town of Vestervig south
and his mother, Karen Andersdatter, from the
village of Jannerup north, some years before his
birth and settled here midway between the two
places and raised their family. Five children had
blessed their union in Kjallerup. Anders' older
sister, Inger Cathrine, now Fru Peder Larsen of
Hvidbjerg, and his two younger brothers, Niels
and Niels Christian, were still about, but he could
hardly remember his baby sister, Ane Kirstine,
who had died at less than two months of age some
thirty-seven years ago, Anders' mind went back
as he rode through the February cold towards the
midwife's cottage. When his father had become
old and unable to look after the farm, he himself
being the oldest son had taken over and. looked. _
after things and his parents as well. When the
aged man passed on when nearing 78 years, 13
Feb. 1838, he had continued to live there on the
farm and care for it and his mother, The two of
them had lived there alone until she kept at him
to find himself a wife, which was no easy matter.
for a hard to please ''ungkarl'"' (bachelor) like
himself, But then he had found the comely Mette,
whose parents lived in the small farming village ©
of Svindborg, Orum Parish, southwest a few miles
from Kjallerup. —

Anders thought of their marriage, 5 Dec..
1843, which took place at Hvidbjerg, Vestes Aa
Kirke (Hvidbjerg Parish Church of the West)
Thisted Amt, Denmark, not.far from their home
