Kjallerup 64

in Kjallerup. The Priest who performed the cere-
mony also recorded it in the Parish Church
records, putting Anders down as ''Brudgommen -
Ungkarl og girdmand, 36 ar gammel" (Bridegroom -
bachelor, farmer, 36 years of age) and putting
Metta down as ''Bruden Pige, 32 ar gammel!'!
(Bride - an unwed maid, 32 years of age), Anders
also remembered that when Mette had come to live
with him and his seventy year old mother Karen
she had brought her young son Christen with her.
The child was then nearly four years old, having
been born to Mette out of wedlock, 14 Mar. 1839,
at Lyngholm Mark, Hvidbjerg Parish.

Mette herself had been born 3 Apr. 1811 in
the village of Svindborg, Orum Parish, Denmark,
the daughter of ''girdmand Christen Hviid og fru of
Svindborg', (farmer Christen Hviid and wife of
Svindborg). Little was known, apparently, of her
mother, Else Andersdatter, except that she had
given her husband seven children, three sons and
four daughters, Mette herself being the youngest
of these. On the other hand much more was known
of her father, Christen Jensen Hviid (Hviid mean-
ing White in English), he having descended way
back from a Danish nobleman family - of which he
never forgot to be proud. Some people are like
that and carry the importance of their forebearers
to the point that they set themselves above speaking
to common folk and hold themselves aloof, though
they themselves are practically nothing. Not that
Mette and her parents and kinfolk weren't fine
people - on the contrary; yet Mette, like her
father, was perhaps overly proud of her heritage
and was often "lifted high'' by the nobility in her
blood, At times she seemed to feel it more than
others, thought Anders, and then she'd put on airs -
but after all!

Anders had learned to live with this although
he himself took little stock in such things, His
own progenitors had been simple country Danes,
Jutlandic peasants living there in Thy at least as
far back as the time when Christian IV took over
the Danish about the end of the sixteenth century.

- There was a record of his direct line at least that

far back but his. kin were certain that their
