Time's Hourglass 444

sixteen year old Elaine in her journal, from which
we are fortunate to be able to copy:-- "Sat. July 19,
1918, Cousin Edith Christensen came down from
Provo to Grandmothers, for the reunion, . , Sun,
July 20, We went to the train to meet all the folks
and were disappointed to find only A, Owen... .
Mon. July 21, was the starting of the Christensen
Family Reunion, As soon as we got breakfast

over with we all got cleaned up and Edith and Ruth
Ellen, who were staying with us, and Virginia and

I went up to Grandma's where (Oh joy!) were all of
Uncle Lou's folks, LaFaun, etc., and Mr. Rollins,
Ada Rollins, Jim Rollins, Bob Blackner, Uncle
Andrew and Aunt Sarah's family, and all the
Gunnison folks, Later there were fifty of us for
dinner at our house. Then we had a program
where Bob Blackner sang 'Sunshine of Your Smile'
and 'Somewhere a Voice is Calling'. Then the men
folks did the dishes and cleaned up the house while
LaFaun, Edith, Ruth Ellen, Lucile, Virginia and

I went jitney riding. Next we went to have some

ice cream with A. Owen, Bob and Jim. That night,
with the lights on the lawn and the Victrola going,
we had a family dancing party. But that let out
about 9:30, so LaFaun, Ada Rollins, Virginia and

I went to the dance up town for $ hour, That night
we slept fourina bed... Tues. July 23, The
family went to Funk's Lake, Ruth Ellen, LaFaun,
Virginia, Ada, Jim, A. Owen, Bob and I went out
in the Ford and had two blowouts on the way. We
had a fine time at the lake, eating, catching cats
and boat riding. That night we had another dancing
party on our lawn and served punch, , . Wed. July
24, We went in the jitney to Gunnison to the Twenty-
fourth of July patriotic program where Bob Blackner
sang ''The Flag Without a Stain' and 'Keep the Home
Fires Burning', Then came a nap and then dinner,
After dinner the family had a meeting. It was the
grandest meeting. There were tears in everybody's
eyes. Then we went to see the races, We went to
the Twenty-fourth of July dance in Manti at night

. .- » Thur. July 25, We went down to the depot to
see a group of soldiers off to war and then came
home to see the Wyoming folks off - all but A. Owen,
Sure is lonesome here,"

By the first part of November that year it was
