Bested 92

heretofore, it was not so in Bested; the Mormons
had bothered few here, It was no longer American
preachers only who led these people, for many good
Danes were now among them, Else had seen some
of these and they were not evil looking or speaking,
but fine appearing, upright young men. Besides,
one could not always believe what the Priests said
for they could not agree but fought among them-
selves as to what was right or what was wrong to
preach. The older girl begged the others to.say
naught, at school or elsewhere, of her remarks
and swore them to secrecy - there was no need to
stir things up. But there was plenty of talk at the
school the next day about ''those Mormons" regard-
less, It seemed that some rough fellows had
broken into their meeting place there on the out-
skirts of Bested the night before and attacked their
two preachers, These were mocked and beaten
and their coats torn from their backs, It was a
good thing that the police finally came to stop it

or all the congregation of them would have gotten
the same treatment; 'twas doubtful that any Mor-
mon trash.would ever come back there to pray and
preach, Some of the attacking mob had been jailed
overnight and then released, but others got away.

It was. suspicioned that some of the latter might
have been. young students from the High School and
the re.was talk of an investigation, but no one thought
in the least that there would be one, nor was there,
"Indeed?'' Else looked at the young men she had
seen with the Priest at the church last morning and
held her tongue, but her thoughts said it for her,
"Is this then so Christian?" |

siz ste ste siz ste
bx ak nf 38. 3s

Winter slid into spring, then all the north
came blooming into summer and Else had good
news when she returned home then, They were
pleased with her at the school and said if she would
return there the following winter term they would
be happy to recommend her to the children's school
in Bested for a position the following year. Far
and Mor were well pleased at the word and proud
too. They had many fine dreams they had dreamed
for their children. But too, Else had some things
perplexing her in her heart, of which she dared not
