511 Andrew

"Mother was faced with raising us children who
were still at home with hardly any provided funds.
We were all made to realize the severity of the
problem and from the day we laid our father to
rest, there wasn't much childhood left for any

of us,"'

Not long before his death, Andrew had done
some work for a firm in California; from this
Sarah received $300.00. This, together with some
lots up Emigration Canyon, were all the financial
assets Andrew left to her. Sarah had long since
turned to her sewing skills to supplement their
income, Edythe was married. Wendell and Sheldon,
having returned from their missions which she had
financed by that sewing, were now on their own,
as was twenty-year-old Luther. With her two
remaining daughters, Lucile and Margaret, Sarah
faced the world and faced it bravely. She had
earlier borrowed money for the down payment on
a large old home on South Main Street, not far
from the red-brick home they had rented but which
had been practically sold out from under them,
Luther helped with the further financing of this
place. In fact, all her children were helpful and
wonderful to her in her widowhood. In this new
location she had continued her sewing business
and upon Andrew's death she added to her income
by boarding and rooming teachers from the nearby
high school. The two younger girls helped with
this,

"Sarah's veal cutlets and lemon meringue
pies, her freshly painted rooms with airy curtains
and snowy white linen, her yard with its varied
blooms and well kept garden, gave these people
a feeling of home away from home, and they
appreciated it, And although her days were long
and demanding, often continuing late into the night,
she never left her girls for outside employment.
Instead she took time and energy to walk with them
the mile to Liberty Park or ride the streetcar to
the end of the line 'just for fun'. On Saturday
nights, part of Sunday's dinner was prepared, best
clothes pressed and polished and the house left in
spotless order, The next day, the week's problems
and struggles were laid aside and the beautiful,
