Elsie 578

(5) ELSIE KATHRINE CHRISTENSEN (Bartholomew)

Elsie, the first daughter born to Laurs and
Else Christensen and the first of the three children
born to them in Mayfield, first saw the light 8 Mar.
1875, A twin sister arrived shortly after and since
there was some question as to whether either of the
tiny girls would survive they were each blessed and
given names right away. The twin sister was given
the name Mary Karen, by her father Laurs, but she
was usually referred to after that as ''Karrie'', She
died shortly after she was named and blessed, The
early Gunnison Ward records show that Elsie was
blessed and named that day by W. N. Tofte and
given the same name as her mother had been
christened, Else Catherine, but her name spelling
was later modernized to Elsie Kathrine,

Elsie was born in a log cabin in North May-
field while her parents were members of the United
Order there. She was past two when they left the
Order and went to live in South Mayfield, She was
just past four when her mother left the family in
Mayfield with her father and a Mrs, Anderson in
charge and went to Salt Lake City to study medicine.
The year after (1880), when Elsie was just past five,
the family moved back to Gunnison where they had
lived before coming to Mayfield, but they spent the
next several summers in Christenburg where her
father leased a farm.

Her parents built a new rock house on property
they purchased in northwest Gunnison and here Elsie
lived most of the rest of her life until she was mar-
ried, It was from here that she went to the Sanpitch
River to be baptized a member of the L.D.S.
Church, 2 July 1884, by Jens Jensen, It was here
that she went to the church nearby the day after,

3 July 1884, and was confirmed by Jens Larsen,
and it was from here that she went to receive a
patriarchal blessing from Christian August Madsen,
former Gunnison Bishop, on 15 Apr. 1901, not long
before her marriage.

Elsie started school in Gunnison the year she
was six and the school was held not far from their
