Albert 574

I guess I was kind of a sickly looking little fellow
then because she certainly took me in hand, I was
finicky about what I ate and especially hated eggs.
But there were things I 'adored' and those were
Aunt Myrtle's creampuffs with that good filling
inside and chocolate ontop. She put me under
orders, however, that until I ate my eggs and other
food I couldn't have any creampuffs and she cer-
tainly did enforce those rules, much to my good,
Though I had never eaten eggs if I could get out of
it, she fixed them for me special by breaking them
into a glass then putting the glass into a pan of
boiling water until the eggs cooked up and were
really delicious.

"Through the years this dear woman saw to
it that Iwas given good, nourishing food and I give
her credit for pulling me out of the doldrums. Now,
as Llook back, I can see how silly I was in the things
I liked to eat, but the training from Aunt Myrtle
must have borne good fruits because my wonderful
wife, Gwen, says I will now eat anything and refers
to me in an endearing way as her ‘disposal’,

"T recall the day when I was about to leave
our home in Orem for Salt Lake City where I was
to take a bus to Washington, D. C. to join the
F.B.1, and really go out into the great big world
on my very own, I had my things packed, had
taken a picture of Mt. Timpanogos, and was lying
on the couch asleep, or nearly so. I recall Aunt
Myrtle coming and bending over me, apparently
asleep there on the couch, and in her sweet way
kissing me and saying fervently 'God bless you',
I say God bless you Aunt Myrtle for all you have
done for me over these many years!"

As the family grew in number Myrtle had a
way of drawing the shy new son-in-law into the
inner family circle by giving him a chair to repair
or alight switch to mend, She had the new
daughter-in-law accompany her on shopping trips
and consulted her on the selection of new outfits.
She won the new grandchild over by letting her
help roll and cut out cookies, by swinging her on
the old bed springs swing south of the house, or
by taking her onto her own comfortable lap and
rocking her in the big rocking chair - all the time
