Kobberod 144

less what people said or how they reacted, though
he was somewhat surprised at the bigotry of some
of the best of them. But if there was bitterness on
. any side it could not hold a candle to the bitterness
of the weather, which continued to beat, bite and
bruise any flesh forced to be out in it for long. And
so matters had stood in Kobberod when the new
governess arrived.
te * = * we

The weather continued so through the rest of
February and ali of March that winter of 1865.
Notwithstanding, the two Mormon Elders continued
to labor faithfully with the Christensens and other
farm families in the area, visiting them often and
usually wading through heavy snow and enduring
severe cold to do so. . They now had quite a num-
ber of sincere investigators and a few others, like
Karen and Maren, who were ready for baptism.
The importance and influence of the Christensens
had been quite a factor in bringing in investigators
who were pleased to follow their example and who
often came to meetings in their home. Baptisms
in the open were impossible then, as the weather
stood, but the missionaries were looking forward
to spring when they hoped for quite a "harvest of
souls" in Gettrup Parish. Though they had
received no commitments from either Laurs
Christensen or his father, they felt they were
making progress, especially with the younger man,
The new Mormon governess there seemed to be
having quite an influence on his thinking.

Else Katherine Andersen was happy in the
Christensen home, at least as happy as one could
be under the circumstances of feeling quite for-
gotten by her own family. These people with whom
she now resided had treated her most kindly; in
fact she had been led to feel more like a member
of the family than a servant. She had learned to
love the gentle Karen like a second mother. They
had much in common in their love for the gospel
and often studied and talked of it together. Else's
special charges, the three younger daughters,
were her delight. She had learned to love them
with all her heart, The shy Pouline had come to
trust her for she had done so much to encourage
