95 Bested

Christian of Glucksburg, Christian IX, King of |
Denmark"; according to the provisions for the
succession agreed upon by international treaty at
London, England 8 May 1852. The new King was
faced with the immediate problem and, it took him
three days to decide.to sign this act, known as, the
"November Constitution", ; ae

But there was no dilly-dallying down in
Germany; here the effect was immediate and —
Denmark was presented with a carefully calculated
ultimatum right away demanding that the new act
be repealed, Opinions in the country were sharply
divided; ‘the government resigned in anger anda
new one was formed, The regular Danish army,
stationed in Holstein, was withdrawn from there »
“back to the southern border of Slesvig, to demon-
strate ‘that Denmark had no ‘intention of retaining
- Holstein any longer - Germany could have the —
trouble maker! But the act was not repealed and
the Danes army took up’ its position at Danevirke,
the lI, a year old border defense embankment ‘on
. Slesvig's south border, . The troops were ‘requested
to hold this position until spring... Danes usually.
only fought in summers and had no idea, there.
would be much doing before that,

“Preparedness simply wasn't one of the Danes!
strong points, especially where war was con-
cerned, One sometimes had the feeling that the
Danish outlook had never developed beyond the
idea that, in time of war, one ‘took his: rusty
battle axe down from the wall or went to try and
find it in the woodshed where it had ‘been serving
a useful purpose, and sharpened it'on a grindstone.
It was difficult to make these people realize, in
peacetime, that newer forms of war required
materials and preparations which could not be’:
produced when the ‘enemy. suddenly” appeared in
your paddock, The Danes were too tied up with -
everyday life and too busy enjoying it, and blessed
with too great a sense of f mumo 1" to. be eternally’ on
guard, :

ate ste she ate ate
as es 28 38

Christmas that year in Norhaa was hardly
noticed by the majority, except that people met in
