Lucile Christensen 882

with a razor blade which left me with a four inch
scar on my left wrist. We got a victrola which
played wonderful music, Something, unknown to
me now, happened which caused me to entertain

a fear of the dark which has never left me, 1920,
during the winter in Provo, Utah, was the flu
epidemic, We were all sick, Margaret had pneu-
monia and Dr. Hassler helped pull her through,
1921, Edythe left for school in Boston, 1923, we
moved to Salt Lake City, Utah to a house around
which flowed a bend of the Jordan River. Father
was sick. I attended Cannon School and Cannon
Ward Sunday School, Little sister Margaret was
very frank and humiliated me when she told my
teacher that we lived down by old Barnhage, the
pig man, after I had been describing the beauties
of our home by the river. Luther and I discovered
a drowned man flating in the river. We also were
caught on the Bamburger train bridge. We had
just hooked a huge carp and had to abandon it,
losing our rod and line as we scampered for our
lives before the train. 1924, we were settled in

a more comfortable home on 879 South Main
Street, I attended McKinley School there. I
remember an incident here which touched me,
Luther kept a string of muskrat traps in Draper
and sold the pelts. One night he had to walk clear
from Draper with a skunk pelt because the conductor
wouldn't let him ride the streetcar in his 'perfumed'
condition, Wendell and Sheldon filled missions and
later were married from this home, as Edythe was
also, Father took us younger children on several
summer trips to California, southern Utah parks
and Yellowstone. Mother started a burial clothes_
business and Luther started to move in the direc-
tion of his career as a veterinary doctor, 1930,
the house we were renting sold, so we moved
nearly to 1740 So, Main, into another large home
which Mother, with financial help from Luther,
arranged to buy. Mother continued her sewing and
also boarded and roomed teachers and secretaries
to make our living. Father was sick with diabetes
but continued to work and travel trying to make his
investments and schemes pay off financially. I
attended West High School where I met George F,
Tate. Iattended South High School my senior year,
