341 With Flags Flying .

delivered some 2, 000 babies in Gunnison Valley
during her public service there as midwife. This
is highly erroneous, It is questionable if there
were half that many babies born in all, in this
Sparcely settled valley, during the thirteen-and-
a-half years Else was carrying on her practice.
Sometimes numbers have a habit of growing, as
babies do, Actually, in her journal Else lists a
total of three hundred and twenty-one babies that
she delivered from June 1879 to Jan. 1893. We
know she delivered others later, including a num-
ber of her very own grandchildren, but these are
not recorded in her journal.

ste ste she ste ste
of a8 ae af oS

The last of the nineteenth century was draw-
ing to its close, Headlines marked the on-moving
years - the months - the days:-- "Sat, Jan 4, 1896,
President Grover Cleveland signs the proclamation
admitting Utah to the Sisterhood of States. .. A
new star, the 45th, is placed in the flag of the
United States. , . Great crowds gather in Salt Lake
City, and elsewhere in Utah, in jubilant celebra-
tions; Tue. Nov. 3, 1896, William McKinley,
Republican from Ohio, is elected President of the
United States in a hard fought election, . . Mar. 4,
1897, Inauguration of Pres. Wm. McKinley cele-
brated by Republicans in Utah with great fervor;
July 24, 1897, Utah celebrates the 50th anniversary
of her founding. . . All living original pioneers
invited to attend and be honored at huge festivities
in Salt Lake City. . , New State flag seen flying
amidst those of the red, white and blue in the
largest parade ever seen in western America. . .
Great display of fireworks on Utah's Capitol Hill;
Sun, 29 Aug. 1897, Gunnison Ward divided and
Centerfield Ward organized by Apostle Anthon H.
Lund, . . Andrew Christian Fjeldsted made first
Bishop; Jan, 1898, A remarkably cold wave is
prevailing throughout Utah, , . Coldest weather
ever known in St, George is being experienced;
Feb, 15, 1898, U. S, Battleship Maine blown up
in Havana harbor, Cuba, 260 officers and crewmen
killed, . . Spaniards blamed. , . America declares
war on Spain, . . Eighteen men from Gunnison
answer first call for volunteers; Fri, Sept. 2, 1898,
