845 Luther Bartholomew

The result was a round bald spot on my head which
was quite difficult to explain to Mother that night
when I got home. I remember going with Wendell
and Sheldon spearing carp from sloughs and the
canal in front of our house, This was the year of
the big influenza epidemic - many people died, We
were all required to put on masks when we went.
out of doors to keep from getting the germs.

Money was scarce and script was used. I remem-
ber Mother making and selling butter, Hers was
especially popular because she heaped up the
butter mold thus giving about a pound and a quarter
instead of the usual pound, One day I took some to
a store to sell, called 'Petty's', and when the clerk
asked me if I wanted money or script, I told him
script was alright. I will never forget how angry
mother was with me for taking 'Petty. Script when
I could have gotten money.

"Our next move was to Star Ranch, This
period seemed one of complete happiness for me.
There was a railroad that. ran through the ranch
and nearby was a section house in'which a small.
boy lived about my age who seemed to have the
same interests as I, We made slingshots and
played we were big hunters, We shot mourning
doves off their nests, hoot owls, caught marsh
frogs, fished in the reservoir for fish (mostly
carp) which most people considered were unedible
but which we roasted and ate everything. Later I
was given a twenty-two rifle and added ducks and
rabbits to my game bag. Iwas also given a pony
and the job of herding the cows, ©

'It was customary for the railroad to use the
strip of land that passed through our ranch as a
rest stop for sheep that were being shipped to
market. Inthe spring there were many lambs
which the owners considered nuisance value since
they had to be hand~fed, so they gave them to us
kids, _We considered them fine pets until’ we dis-
covered they had ringworm, and guess what? Our
farm hand had a cure for this, He burned cotton:
cloth on a cold axe blade which formed a sort of .
tar which was applied to the ringworm. I assume
this worked, since all went well until the lambs
were grown. But then Father considered them
