749 Wendell Bartholomew

remarkable experience. The mission president
had called a conference for the whole mission, to
be held in Dresden, a distance of about three hund-
red and twelve miles from Breslau. It was sug-
gested that the Elders from each District walk the
whole distance and tract and preach the gospel on
the way. We were all excited at the prospects,

but two weeks before the conference it started to
rain and rain and rain without letup:. All over
Germany the crops were being ruined and things
were developing into a national emergency. The
mission president sent word that we should give

up the idea of walking unless things changed well
in advance of the date. Those in our District met
together, prayed and discussed the problem, decid-
ing that if the Lord wanted us to do his. work the
way would be opened. We also decided that we
would fast the day before that set for our departure,
then meet the next day for our final prayers. and
take our separate courses two by two. There were
Sixteen of us, making eight different groups.

''When the final morning arrived it was rain-
ing hard and the skies were leaden; the papers
Predicted more rain. Undaunted, we met at the
appointed place with our knapsacks filled with
goSpel tracts, heavy soles on our shoes, and
prepared to depend on the hospitality of the Ger-
man people during our three hundred mile walking
tour. We sang a song and prayed together, asking
the Lord to clear the skies. A few words of encour-
agement were given and we went downstairs and out
into the street. The rain had stopped and patches
of blue sky appeared among the clouds. For two
weeks we walked under warm, blue skies and. were
welcomed by farmers and villagers who had been’
thoroughly humbled by prospects of lost crops. As
one hundred sixty footsore missionaries arrived
in Dresden to commence a three day. conference
and testimony meetings the skies suddenly darkened
and it began to rain again. I have never heard
more wonderful testimonies than those given by
these Elders relating their experiences - some
really miraculous. Meetings lasting ten hours
each passed without notice; we wondered where
the time went. Sheldon had been called to Ger-
many on a mission a year after I left and I had
