Brown Kit 298

if not planted, at least caused to sprout and grow
in the mind and heart of Else K, Christensen. Her
beloved parents and her ancient kinsmen in an
eternal prison - could it be? Was it her destiny

to free them? Such thoughts may have been
mingled with her thinking as she was seized with

a feeling of the necessity of her searching out the
records of her dead ancestors, and from that day
she began to plan for it.

There were no stores or businesses in
Christenburg, or any 'meeting house!! - just
stretches of farms, orchards and meadows, with
a few farm dwellings and barns, etc., with the
Sanpitch River winding its way between. The
Christensens, Larsens, and the few other families
there, were obliged to travel to Gunnison to attend
religious services, When their elders went along
they usually rode, but otherwise the children
walked back and forth to Sunday schools, Primaries,
and Religion classes, each wearing his or her only
good pair of shoes, thus called Sunday shoes, It
was here in Christenburg that the older Christensen
children learned early in life the value of work,
thrift and industry. Here they learned to appreciate
nature and developed a love for the out-of-doors
and the "good earth", It was here also that the
older boys became acquainted with the man from
whom their father leased his farm, the well-to-do
land owner and sheepman Julius H, Christensen,
and he acquainted with them to the satisfactory
point, at least, that this gentleman came to think
enough of them to hire them to work for him, one
after the other for many years, beginning with the
oldest, Chris,

Laurs Christensen and Ole H. Larsen often
freighted together during this period, and later on
as well. Though the danger from outlaws and
robbers was not then as great as in earlier times
it was still a threat and thus considered safest for
freighters to travel in groups, and so they did,
There was safety in numbers in case of sickness
or injuries, runaways or broken wagons, as well
as highwaymen. It was extremely dangerous to
carry money. Pay for freighted produce was as
a rule sent home by mail. Grain, flour, meat and
