the lives and activities of loved ones long departed.
Preserved by the kind hand of Providence.

Several weeks later, when eighty-seven year
old Aunt Elsie Bartholomew came to visit, I placed
the satchel on the rug in front of her without a word
of explanation. ''Why my goodness, '' she exclaimed
excitedly, "that's mother's old kit! I haven't seen
it for sixty years. That's the kit mother used to
keep her medical instruments in, It sat by her
bedroom door day and night for years and years,
always packed and ready at a moment's notice
whenever a call came for her to go tend the sick
or dying, or to bring another baby into the world."

When I received the "kit'' it contained no
medical instruments, but things far more precious
to me. Apparently, after Grandmother's doctoring
days were over, the "kit'' had become the depository
for her treasures. There were old Danish letters,
some over seventy years old, from Grandmother's
three sisters, one brother, and others of her rela-
tives in Denmark.

I want it thoroughly understood that the second
part of this book is the story of Grandmother Else's
childhood and youth, of which we have known so
little; for while she could have told it herself we
were not listening. I have taken the liberty to put
it into dramatic form, interweaving fact with
fiction - binding fiction togéther with many facts.
The Danish letters helped so much with this. I
fee] that Grandmother Else K. was a great char-
acter and we will probably remember her best if
we bring’her to life during this period of her
existence. To my knowledge I have not altered
the truth in any degree. The historical back-
ground can be well documented. The characters
are real. If I have offended any I hope to have
the opportunity to apologize,

I cannot claim that there are no errors in
this book. The writing itself has taken me over
two-and-a-half years. Some writers have been
censured for overlooking unconsciously or inten-
tionally the darker dissonances of their subjects.
I have tried to present both sides.

vii
