791 Ada Peterson

became stepmother to his two children, Francis
Dale and Helen Ramona, ages 8 and 5. (Linden
Hyrum Johnson was born 15 Sep. 1895 in Hunting~-
ton, Emery, Utah to Swen Hyrum and Matilda
Wilhamina Nelson Johnson).

''We moved to Delta, Utah, May of 1930
where Lin established the Delta branch of the
Telluride Power Co, Here I worked in a greater
capacity, training new girls and continuing as
steno, etc. We lived in Delta twenty-five years
and during these years I worked and raised my
family. Lin's and my two children, Ada Bonita
and Larry Lynn, were both born in Delta. Dale
and Ramona both attended BYU until World War II
came and they volunteered - Dale in the Naval Air
and Mona as a WAVE.

''When Lin advanced to Supt. of the Delta
Division of Telluride Power Co., I assumed more.
responsibility as hostess, working on the enter-
tainment committees. Also I was active in church
and civic affairs. I attended the Delta 2nd Ward
where I was Sunday School Secretary, taught in
Sunday School, Primary, MIA, and was a Relief
Society visiting teacher. I sang with the ‘Singing
Mothers! under Ladd Cropper and belonged to the
Ward choir. I sang as a soloist at funerals.
Aside from church activities I was secretary for
the American Legion Auxilliary for ten years, for
which I was awarded a silver necklace with the
American Legion emblem on it.

"Lin and I belonged to the Fidelity Club, a
social organization in which we made many lifelong
friends. It was composed of a distinguished group
of doctors, lawyers, our Stake president, Seminary
teacher, principal of Delta High School, Delta's
Mayor and fine people from all walks of life, six-
teen couples of fun-loving people, each with a pur-
pose in life. Ientertained many times in our home
where 1 learned to be a hostess. At first I didn't
feel capable of this because 1 was ten years younger
than most and lacked the maturity and experience.
My excuse up until we built our new home was
always that our place wasn't large enough. How-
ever, when lovely Romania Bird said, ‘Ada dear,
where there is heart room there is house room', I
