93 Bested

speak, But these were soon mostly forgotten in
the joy of being home again with her beloved family.
All were there this summer except Christen, who
had gone in the army. He was a roamer anyway
and seldom at Norhaa of late, for he had taken up
with rough men, Karen was still working in the
embroidery shop there and Stine was fully con-
firmed now, though she was not at all well. She
had an asthmatic condition but was better some in
summers and so courageous and patient withal.
Northwest Jutland was bad for asthma sufferers
and there were plenty of them there. Mads,
eighteen now, might have to go in the army too,

if there was any unrest in the country; but now he
was helping Far on the farm and with the cattle,
and things had gone well with those, Marie, bless
her heart, would soon have her eleventh festival,
they would all celebrate it with her; she was the
only summer-born member of the entire family.

Else rode with her father again and there
was talk over the fences of ''those awful Mormons -
thousands of them there were now in the country";
but there was greater talk of Holstein and Slesvig
this summer in Norhaa. Everyone was sick of
that question - it was time the government did
something about it! She discussed this problem
with her father but of the things that trembled
hardest on her lips she dared not speak. She
sat near her mother, as Mette fetched the butter
churn from the closet and then bore in some pans
of milk and skimmed them, and while she churned
they talked of many things, did other tasks like
spinning or weaving or sewing carpet rags, There
was always something to put ones hands to. She
too could do these things now and cook well too
and help with the milking; but for fine sewing she
cared little. Mette did most of the talking and
gave much advice, when they were together;: Else
wished she could speak to her of what was in her
heart. She walked and talked and sat and sang
with her sisters and Mads, and they even practiced
dancing together, like they did at the school, and
gymnastics. Would they ever be so carefree
again? And so the summer flew away and it was
harvest time and the threshers came; they no
longer had to thresh their grain with flails in the
