A Clear Call 312

and I drove over to Norhaa to see him two days
before he died, He was very sick but he was
happy and contented, so I have the best of hope

for him. And now I will close for this time.

When your letter came the teacher Carl was here,
He was going to travel to America in April to visit
two of his brothers who lived here for eighteen
years. lasked him, after I read your letter, if
he would visit my sister in America.

Love from Mikkel and Karen Skaarup, "

It was almost a month before another Danish
letter came for Else and her fingers trembled as
she opened it:-- ''Tingstrup, Denmark - April 1889.
Dear Sister:- Ihave got that done which you asked
me todo. Ihave been to the Priest at Hvidbjerg
and he was very good to look back one and one-half
centuries but he could hardly go farther as the
books at that point were just loose leaves and
almost illegible writing. As you can see the
mothers of our parents are not mentioned in this
information he gave me, which I enclose; only
Kristen Kristensen and wife and Kristen Hviid and
wife - but I suppose you can remember that father's
mother is Karen and mother's mother is Else, Our
mother died 10 July 1872 and was buried on the 16
and father died the 10 May 1878 and was buried on
the 15th.

"TI shall now tell you a little about what has
happened to me in my way through life until now.
I suppose that you remember that Kristen, in his
last days, was stirred to look inward into his sin-
ful heart and consider the Lord's goodness to
repentant sinners and whatever else there is to
believe in. Immediately afterwards we other
brother and sisters came in touch with the same
way of life initiated by Grundtvig and a revival.
Iwas then at High School on Mors and I was very
happy to listen to the lectures which were held,
speaking of the lives and experiences of the
teachers, This was in the winter of 1868. In the
fall I went to High School down by Kilding (Askov
Hajskole) and stayed there for six months. In
1875 I came to Thorsted where sister Karen lives,
to hold school for some children. There I became
