Kjallerup 70

Frederick Vil and suggested to him that the Danish
people were somewhat ''fed up" and were pretty
well set on having more say in matters of State.
Now Danes are apt to call a spade a spade or an
axe an axe any day; they seldom beat-around-the-
bush or mince words, even with Kings; so it is
supposed that they more or less demanded a new
form of government and struck a blow for '"free-
dom" then and there. At least the new King must
have known what they meant, for he acquiesced,
and Absolute Monarchy toppled in Denmark that
year of 1848. A number of meetings were held

in the Capitol and a ''constituent assembly'!
gathered in order to draw up the plans for a new
constitutional democracy. Almost at the same
time, however, the uprising that had been simmer-
ing for some time down in the province of Holstein
came to a full boil! A certain member of German
royalty took advantage of things and informed the
people down there that the citizens of Copenhagen
had risen in rebellion and were threatening the
King. The Holsteiners were not interested in the
freedom of the country but only in their own. So,
while the King was engaged in other business, they
considered this a good time to pullout. Thus the
Prince of Noer was able to assume power in the
south and gathered a revolutionary army composed
of Holsteiners and volunteers who streamed in
from other German States to help, They said, if
not in so many words, "Now we Holsteiners are
leaving you, Denmark, and going over to Germany
where our sympathies are, and we're going to take
the whole of Slesvig with us!'' And the Danes
apparently believed them and went to war to save
Slesvig. The first battles were won by the Danish,
but when Prussia came in against them Denmark
was terribly upset. The war lasted three years
but there was only fighting during the summer;
every time the sun came out the battles started
again. Finally Prussia withdrew and the Hol-
steiners retreated and the Danes were victorious,
The end came 25 July 1850 and Slesvig and Hol-
stein remained with Denmark. During the course
of the war the Constituent Assembly" had com-
pleted its work and on 5 June 1849 the new
constitution was signed. Many Danes began
