883 Lucile Christensen

the first year it was built, Father died 17 Dec,
1931,

"1932-1938 - Years of Change: For several
years I had helped Edythe with her growing family,
working on Saturdays and during the summers, I
also worked at her husband's office (Drs, Robbins,
Horne and Clawson), In the fall of 1933 I left for
Los Angeles to attend the Art Center School, one
of the country's foremost commercial art schools,
I studied there until 1936, living the first year at
Wendell's and the last two with Luther and Velda.
My summers were spent in Salt Lake City. Edythe's
health was very poor and Mother's financial burdens
were heavy, so it was arranged that Mother would
sell the home on Main Street and go to live with and
care for Edythe and her five children. When my
school was finished and I returned to Salt Lake, I
worked as a window designer for Lerner Shops.
During the years I had been away, George Tate
had been at the Air Corps Technical School at
Rantoul, Illinois. We had corresponded quite
regularly, in fact carried on a pre-courtship
relation which gave us a wonderful opportunity to
exchange ideas and feelings, George came home
in October of 1937 and after two wonderful weeks
of getting to know each other better, we became
engaged, When he left to return East, I wrote in
a goodby letter; 'When I think of eternity with you,
it's none too long a time,' I have never had reason
to feel otherwise. We were married in the Salt
Lake Temple by his grandfather, George F.
Richards (Pres, of the Quorum of the Twelve) for
whom George had been named, 9 Sep,. 1938. Three
days later we left on a cross-country honeymoon
to make our first home in Dayton, Ohio. ‘(George
Franklin Tate was born 25 July 1913 in Tooele,
Utah, the sonof George Lawrence and Alice
Minerva Richards Tate),

"1938-1944 - Early Ohio Years: These were
exciting, growing years with much opportunity for
happiness, George progressed to the position of
Project Engineer for aircraft engine instruments,
and then to Unit Chief in charge of engine instru-
ment development for the Air Force. He traveled
extensively in this country and to Alaska. Together
