913 Max Albert

keeping the flags waving back home as I sure want
Some of that 'Old Glory! pretty soon, also some of
that canned deer meat you have hoarded away. I
hope the kids are both OK and give them my best
love, Please write soon and give me the latest.
Your loving brother, Max."

The folks at home were concerned for him.
Grace wrote to Gladys: ''Have been so worried
about Max - still don't know which carrier was
sunk, No news now is good news. My heart
jumps every time I hear the doorbell." And
Millie wrote to Gladys (30 Nov. 1942):- ''We've
been so worried about Max. There is still one
aircraft carrier missing but since I got his last.
letter I'm sure it's not the Enterprise. Mildred
is taking a month off at Christmas time. Grace
and Doug are taking a trip before gas ration
begins, . I will send your ration book.
had some trouble getting coffee but think we'll
have plenty now as I have some in storage.
Dave and Myrtle will fly home for Christmas. .
I feel sorry for the Fishlers now they have two

17

We have

Sons and two sons-in-law in the war. .
With everyone else in it the temptation to get
Max's wife,

into the war proved too great for
He

Mildred, and she joined the nurses corps.
objected, but you know how most men are about
He mentioned this in a letter to
Gladys dated 15 May 1943, fromthe USS Enter-
prise:- "My Dear Sister Gladys: Just gota letter
from Mildred and she was awfully blue at the way
I feel, I just can't help it - she asked me how I
felt about her joining the service and I told her.
After all this time away I certainly hope I don't
have trouble at home like that, but I certainly
don't like it and she knew it when she went into

In the case that Ido get home now and
as she said she was going
back to the

their wives.

the army.
she has gone overseas,
to do, I am going to be in a fine fix -
States and no wife.

"TI almost forgot to tell you something
you won't have to go around
de Chief the first of June -
he examination the other day
w enough to slide by. Don't

important, at least
with a gob, as Ima
how's that? I took t
and sure enough I kne
