43 Other Dimensions

were required to belong to this State Church and
baptism was compulsory. This law was rigidly
in effect for the next 189 years. On 5 June 1849
an assembly of great significance to the people of
Denmark was held in Copenhagen, for it was then
that their new constitution was signed. Among
this document's stipulations was one regarding
religious tolerance. The Danes had taken a great
step toward freedom once again! It had taken a
long, long time to prepare the land of Denmark
and her people for the coming of the restored
gospel of Jesus Christ to her shores.

Four months later another assembly of
great importance to the Danes was being held
thousands of miles to the west, It was harvest
time in the Valley of the Great Salt Lake, but in
that two-year-old community onthe American
frontier the main interest of its inhabitants was
not in the fields of golden grain but in the October
Conference then in session in the completely filled
Bowery. Here on this late autumn day, 7 October
1849, the emphasis turned to missionary work. A
passage from the Bible (Rev. 14:6) was read:--
'tAnd I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven,
having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them
that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and
kindred, and tongue, and people.'' This prophesy,
believed to be the destiny of the new church whose
members were gathered there, could be fulfilled
only if more foreign missionaries were sent out,
The Latter-Day Saint church had opened the
British Mission in 1837 and the South Pacific
Island Mission in 1843, but this had been only a
start. It was felt that now was the time to expand
the program. Members in attendance held their
breaths, so to speak, as name after name was
read out as having been selected to go on a foreign
mission--to France, Italy, Great Britain, the
Society Islands--and Elders John E. Forsgren
to Sweden and Erastus Snow and Peter O. Hansen

to Denmark.
Since winter was about to close in and wagon

trails east would be treacherous, if not impassable,
the group were given but twelve days to prepare
