Albert 552

than a year later, 4 Dec, 1932, his brother Arthur
passed away after surgery. Some seem to be
tested more than others at times and Albert was
one of these, His cup of sorrow must have been
near to running over during those difficult years,

By then the country was in the midst of the
great depression. Banks were closed, jobs were
at a premium and many people were hungry.
Though Albert had all the legal business he could
handle, and more, collections were hard to make
since most of his clients had little available money,
Nor was his health the best, for the strain and
pressures of recent years had begun to take their
toll. Above all was the fact that he was still
heavily burdened by debt. He had worked almost
night and day, and his family had worked and saved
and gone without along with him, with but one end
in mind - that of freeing him from debt, Friends
had advised him to take out bankruptcy - many were
doing it. He flatly refused although at times
pressured almost beyond endurance by some of his
creditors, He was in dead earnest about paying off
all of his obligations with interest, as soon as time
and circumstance would permit.

During the long, hard pull, his home, his
beloved family, his small fruit farm, together with
his great faith in a Divine Power, were his strength
and his refuge. Indeed he couldn't have continued
the struggle without these, He couldn't have gotten
along without Myrtle, who managed his household
so expertly and with such courage and kindliness.,
The way she stood by him, giving hope and encour-
agement, will be forever to her credit. He couldn't
have managed without the love and cooperation of
his children and the pride and satisfaction he had
in their accomplishments, He looked forward to
family associations - birthday parties - picnics -
hunting and fishing trips - reunions - just daily little
visits - but especially the glorious Christmas Eve
family home evenings in which everyone took a
special part and which were never neglected as
long as he lived.

His daughter Kathryn writes of his later
years:-- ''Dad was fifty-six when Iwas born, By
the time I was a teenager he was sixty-nine and
