543 Albert

He went into the sheep business with his brother
Arthur, who cared for the sheep while he furnished
the capital, They lambed their sheep on Cedar
Mountain east of Salina. After lambing, about
July lst, they would move into Twelve Mile Can-
yon for the summer months and then winter on the
west desert, Albert's brother Louis helped Arthur
take care of the sheep onthe desert during some of
those winters,

Albert joined his brother-in-law, George
Black, in a small land investment in Garfield
County, He bought property from the Warren
Stone Snow estate and built the first garage busi-
ness in Manti. One of his major purchases was
about 350 acres of land on either side of the Sevier

iver west of Gunnison which he called his ''Gunni-
°On Ranch" and into which he put a great deal of
effort and money. Bert Gledhill says he was
Working for Albert on the Gunnison Ranch when he
had the two huge barns built there and helped haul
the lumber to build them. He was also working .
there when one of these big barns blew down during
* turbulent windstorm and had to be rebuilt.

: On 29 Apr. 1908, Albert made arrangements
to buy 160 acres of land some eighteen miles

mOrth of Gunnison in an area known as Flat Canyon,
and this he called his "Flat Canyon Ranch". People
came from long distances to buy the "blue ribbon
Peaches" raised by some in Flat Canyon. Large,
white-rind watermelon from there received first
Prize at both County and State fairs one year.
Albert hoped to make this ranch into a first rate
Tuit farm and planted a large number of peach
trees, The Summers were very hot there and the
Winters extremely cold, which created some
Problems,

In Oct, 1910, exactly ten years after Albert
and Jennie had settled in their first home, Albert
mmOved his family into a lovely new home a half
block South from the old. It was not quite finished
at the time but by the next spring it was ready to
Show to their friends, Fri., Mar. 31, 1911, the

@nti Messenger carried this article:
