Virginia 712

f organized and directed a group of seven of our
youngest daughter Ellen's little friends in a Singing
group we named ''The Singing Sallies'', They too
were called upon to sing at church, school and
community functions without number, These were
only a very few of the activities, both musical and
otherwise, engaged in by members of our family.
Indeed we were a busy family.

Dan worked for Geneva Steel near Provo for
well over twenty years. He was active in politics
and served as Republican district chairman for
sixteen years and as a delegate to the State Repub-
lican Convention every election year during that
period. He has always been a great sports fan
and has followed the activities of the B. Y. U. foot-
ball and basketball teams with enthusiasm over
these past twenty-five years, He loves to garden
and raises lovely flowers, potting his numerous
geranium plants each winter in a make-shift nur-
sery in the basement. Together we raise beautiful
house plants, including African violets. Dan loves
to travel and he has taken numerous trips with our
eldest son, Dan, into the southern and eastern
"wonderlands' of Utah on filming excursions for
educational TV, in which the younger Dan is
engaged, The older Dan and I have driven by car
to visit our married children in New York, New
Jersey, California and Arizona. We recently flew
for a two weeks visit to a daughter's family in
Cleveland, Ohio and visited early church points of
interest while there. In these later years I have
sometimes longed to travel to distant lands, espec-
ially Denmark, should my health permit, But so
far Ihave had to be content mostly with being an
“arm chair traveler, '' where that is concerned,

Since retiring two years ago from Geneva
Steel Dan has been serving as Eighth Ward clerk,
from which position he has recently been released,
Presently the two of us are working hard together
on both of our genealogies with some success, He
goes often to the Salt Lake Temple and Genealogical
Society, He has had excellent health over the years
with the exception of a heart attack which he suffered
five years ago and from which he has made remark-
able recovery.
