Luther Bartholomew 846
good food and we were supposed to eat heartily,

‘Provo was our next move. Here I attended
three different schools in a period of two years,
and here again we had an epidemic of influenza.
Ihad it, as well as the rest of the family. As I
felt better, I made my first trip out to the chicken
coop to gather eggs - I was in bed a good week after,

"Here I remember making skis out of old
barrel staves, carrying them to the top of the
chicken coop roof and then skiing down. There
was quite a drop at the bottom but I got quite
expert at this, I:-remember also of taking my toy
sled into the canyon and cutting and bringing home
a Christmas tree,

"In the spring another boy and I gathered
watercress in the streams above Provo, We
washed, tied, and peddled it. At every opportunity
I'd go fishing from the bridge that crosses the
Provo River. My tackle consisted of a willow, |
some string, and a fishing hook. With these I was
able to catch trout, blue gills, suckers, chubs and
bullheads. |

'We moved to Salt Lake City and located on
Twenty-first South where the Jordan River made a
bend and crossed it,. We had two or three acres of
ground, The place was quite run down and we had
lots of work pruning, gardening, repairing the
barn, etc. I remember a big apple tree full of
redwing black birds who stopped to rest as they
migrated south for winter. Our place was located
near Redwood Road along which sheep were driven
from winter range to summer range in the moun-
tains, This spring, after the shearing of the
sheep, the weather became so wet and cold that a
good many ewes with lambs nearly froze to death.
We were able to buy six ewes for $1.00 each,
including nine lambs. We hauled them home in the
back of our old touring car, wrapped blankets
around them and got them warm and fed them.

Out of the whole bunch we only lost one ewe. We
kept them until fall and sold all of them for $140.00.

'We made us a nice garden, There were a
lot of old ‘rhubarb plants inthe garden which we
separated and transplanted. We had more than we
