357 Yesterday's Windows

seemed to have time for the children.

Tresia remembers that after she gave up
her public medical practice, grandmother Else
took boarders. The builders who put up the first
brick homes in Gunnison were amongthem. Tresia
says, 'Your grandmother could cook if she needed
to, but she liked community service and church
work better. She was always very active in the
Relief Society. She kept her own garden, which
grandfather ploughed and helped plant, and she
took care of the chickens and geese. Each spring
she plucked the geese to fill her pillows and each
newly married couple in the family got a pair of
those pillows for their wedding. She spent her
egg money with care. Each fall after threshing
she put new fresh straw in the bed-ticks and under
the rugs as well. She had a large loom and wove
rugs and carpets and was a great quilter, though
she wasn't much for fine sewing. Piecing, tying
or quilting quilts and tearing and sewing rag rugs
was a never-ending process with her. Your grand-
father raised the sheep and she helped shear them
(she could shear a Sheep aS good as any man),
washed and carded the wool and made it into batts
for the quilts or spun it into yarn and dyed it for
stockings, of which she made legions. How I
hated to wear those black, itchy stockings!"

Tresia also remembers that Aunt Roxie did
all of grandmother's sewing for years, after she
and Joseph were married, She made all of grand-
mother's dresses then and those for Vena and
Tresia, There was always a new dress for the
girls for Christmas, She remembers that Millie
Gledhill from down the street worked for grandma
when she took boarders, and Bell Wasden from
across the road did too. Tresia recalls how grand-
mother used to like to have her hair combed by
Elsie, Emma, Vena or Tresia, During some of
her few idle moments she would fall to sleep and
nap in her chair while one or the other of them
combed or brushed her long hair, It was such a
beautiful head of waist-length auburn hair,
slightly streaked with grey then, and she wore it
in heavy braids wrapped into a bob on top of her
head, pinned up with large hairpins and amber
