Time's Hourglass 450

(beef steak) and fried chicken, potatoes, yellow
root (carrots), red cabbage, red beets, preserves,
and pudding for dessert, At 2 o'clock in the after-
noon came the family in the Hurup car, There were
nine of them altogether so there was a big party
here, We drank chocolate and coffee. By evening
there were eighteen of us,

"The day after came our aunts, Karen and
Marie, They stayed awhile in the afternoon, By
then it had become so cold and had snowed and
frozen and it has been very cold ever since, Here
there is nothing by way of crops although we are
well along in the season, Late congratulations on
your birthday! I can remember Elvena writing to
me that it was her birthday the 27th of last month,
I hope this letter will get to you in time to let you
know of Uncle and Aunt Skaarup's wedding festival.

"Father was very sick one time during this
last winter. He had influenza and a heat rash, but
now he is completely well again. He became
seventy-seven years old, so of course he is not
wholly young any longer. We say thanks to the
good God for the time that goes. I hope you are
all well. Happy Easter! And loving greetings to
you all from Denmark and the Hvid family. --Edel
Hvid. P.S. -- Iwas so pleased to receive the
newspaper,."'

Yes, it was good that: Karen and Mikkel
could celebrate their golden wedding together; not
all were so fortunate - Stine and Svend for instance.
But of course Laurs and Else could not go to the
celebration. Their days of travel to far-off
Denmark were over. Perhaps someday others of
their descendants would want to go there. They
too had had their 50th wedding anniversary back
in April of 1916, but they had no special celebration
then, With so many of their family moving to
Wyoming about that time it probably just ''got lost
in the shuffle,"'

The end of the year of 1922 Laurs got word
from Denmark of the death of his brother Christen
there on Nov. 27th. Now all of the family of his
youth was gone but him, It was a strange feeling
to be the last leaf left fluttering on the family tree.
