905 Margaret Christensen

Like all children I wanted to be just like one of the
crowd and conform, so the next time I saw Father
I addressed him as 'Daddy'. He was very hurt and
felt that I was being disrespectful. He felt that
this was a slang expression and that was something
he couldn't tolerate. From then on J always called
him Papa and was proud to do so,

"Father would many times share his dreams
with us younger children as to what was in store
for us as soon as 'the big deal went through’. One
of these dreams resulted in my learning a very
good lesson. After he had returned from one of
his very frequent trips to Southern California, I
heard Father telling Mother that we would be
moving to California in the very near future. This
Seemed to be a culmination of many of my own
dreams and J just had to share it with my friends.
The next morning, in my second grade class, lI
stood up and made the startling announcement that
our family would be moving shortly. Asa result
a Surprise party was planned for me. Iwas per-
mitted to have the party, but along with it came
a stiff punishment for ever having told such a
Preposterous stretch of the truth. As far as I
know Papa was never to know about this - he had
already left on one of his trips. I learned then
that dreams didn't too often or too easily come

true,

"One spring morning Father announced he
had decided that Lucile and I were to accompany
him to Southern California. Mother was not too
much in favor of this because it meant our being
taken out of school. Papa had often said that he
felt as much could be learned by traveling to new
places and observing new things as could be
learned in the classroom; so Mother's veto was
soon outvoted by the three of us and we were soon
on our way. How thrilled we were! Just think -
two. whole weeks with Papa and no schoolwork or
household chores. We could hardly believe our
good fortune. Father kept us interested and
amused all the way telling us wonderful stories
and tales of his various adventures. This was
Papa at his best. He loved the out-of-doors and

loved traveling.
