Prophecies Fulfilled 418
worked so hard cooking and sewing for us, etc.'!

"After mother died Aunt Vena (bowing before
the perplexities of problems attendant upon caring
for five young children) often dreamed of Jennie.
She must have seen her. in many teaching situations
of all kinds, taking time out to nod encouragement
and approval of Aunt Vena, who stood humbly on
the other side of the veil, seeking help, That
mother adored her for her sweetness, gentleness
and selflessness I have no doubt. As I look back
through the eyes of experience I can now know how
tired she must have been from all of our varied
demands, how lonely for love and attention from
friends her own age and yet how patient, under-
standing and available she was for our diversified
family needs, I know that she showed a great com-
passion for all of us and that she was especially
close to little Phillip, as she must have been also
to mother, Aunt Vena slept in the Blue Room with
five year old Phil who clung to her as a substitute
for his mother, One morning just at dawn she
awoke to see Phil smiling and nodding at someone
in the room, Aunt Vena turned inquiringly just in
time to see a flounce of skirt disappear down the
hall, Upon asking Phil who the visitor was, he
replied, 'I've been talking to my mama.' That
Aunt Vena herself lived close to the angels, I've
never doubted,"!

Laurs and Else were then living a little
nearer to Albert's in Manti, since they had given
up their place on Ist North and Ist East and moved
to a smaller place one-half block west of Main
Street on what is now known as Union Street, In
fact they were living directly across the street
north from the Tabernacle Block that had become
so important to them in their first years in Zion,
some fifty years before, when the Black Hawk
Indian War was in progress, They had contracted
to buy this 32-ft. by 107% ft. lot and the house on
it from John Lawrence and Anne J, Lowry.
Doubtless they had heard of the possibility of
buying it from their long time friend and associate,
Eliza R. Bartholomew, who herself had contracted
to purchase the place from one Lottie Hoggan and
then changed her mind after paying $100.00 down
