Edith Bartholomew 842

“bore close similarity to those in Utah; and the
Persian Gardens were beyond her expectations in
their exotic beauty. Needless to say, Dr, Bauer
also found many problems and challenges during
her eventful stay in Iran. But then, she had

*“encountered many of these in her earlier life, One
of them was adjusting to new places, .

"Her most crushing and challenging problem

- owas that of adjusting to the sudden death of her

' husband, Heber Carl Bauer, inthe fall of 1943.
For atime, little other than the need to care for
her two young children seemed important. How-
ever, from these experiences has developed an
increased appreciation for her parents, her
children and friends, and a greater faith in God,

"Edith has served the church in various cap-
acities since her first assignment of being Sunday
School organist at age 12. She has had teaching |

- experiences. in all the auxiliary organizations of
the church. She has been Primary president and
Stake Board member, Ward YWMIA president and
Stake Board member, Ward chorister and organist,
Coordinator for the Junior Sunday School and
teacher-trainer director,"

At this present writing Edith is living alone.

Her children, Helen (Kimball) a graduate of BYU
and a registered nurse lives in California, and
her son, Boyd, a specialist in Asian affairs and
a candidate for a PhD at American University,
Washington D. C,, lives in Illinois, Another
special honor has just come to Edith, for the Utah
Division of the American Association of University
Women presented its 'Distinguished Woman, 1969,"'
award to her at a banquet 19 Apr. 1969 in Salt Lake
City.

_ Descendants of Edith Bartholomew and Heber
Carl Bauer:-

(A) Helen Carol Bauer born 12 Jan, 1936 in Payson,
Utah; md. 9 Aug. 1957 in the Salt Lake Temple,
David Ashby Kimball (b. 1 Jan, 1935 in Murray,

_ Utah to Edwin Roberts and Althea Ashby Kimball),
Children, all but the first born in Salt Lake City,
Utah::

I, Helen Kaye Kimball b. 31 May 1958 in Provo, Ut.
