929 Marjorie Christensen

went to Ogden, Utah and lived for a time with their
married sister LaFaun (then Slagowski). Here
they obtained a spot on KLO Radio singing duets
daily under the label "Alice & Marj'' - and they
were very well liked. Then Alice received an
offer as a full time piano player in Ely, Nevada,
so Marjorie went there with her.

It was in Ely that Marjorie met her future
husband, Mart Eugene Strouse (b. 27 Feb. 1920
in Malad, Idaho to John Lawrence and Amelia
Goddard Strouse). The two went to Evanston,
Wyoming to be married, 14 Mar. 1941, with both
of their fathers and mothers being present at the
civil ceremony. The couple settled first in Ruth,
Nevada but later moved to what was known as
"'New'! Ruth, Nevada. Here the husband ''Gene"
became a supervisor at Kennecott Copper mine
and has been such for many years. They had two
children, a boy and a girl.

As is sometimes the case, heartaches come
with raising a family. Their son Eugene died on
the school grounds at ''Old'' Ruth, Nevada at age
thirteen, supposedly of a heart attack. Their
daughter, who married a cameraman at a ry
studio in Los Angeles, was disappointed in her
marriage and returned to her parents! home before
the birth of her first child. She later married
happily, however.

Marjorie, tall, slender, talented, and with a
sweet personality and happy disposition, welcomed
her parents into her home about a year before the
death of her mother. In fact it was in her home in
Ruth, Nevada that her mother passed away, Nov.
1952. She remembers as a youngster in Lyman,
Wyoming her father chording on the guitar and
singing. ''Father had the best bass voice lever
heard. He sang solos in church and at church
parties and always wished that he had received
more special vocal training. -

Marjorie worked ona few occasions after
her marriage. When her daughter, Barbara, was
in eighth or ninth grade she worked for a year at
nearby Ely, typing and selling sheet music and
records ina music store. Her last job was typing
