Arthur 642

under the age of four. Thentos, the way things
happened was quite the talk of the town - twins

born on different days. We were quite a drain on
mother's health, so I've been told, so it was decided
that Dad's sister, Aunt Vena, would take care of me
and mother's sister, Aunt Mary, would take Gladys
until mother should regain her strength.

'As I remember, or have been told, the rock
house in southwest Gunnison where we were born
was a square structure with an upstairs and balcony.
The water we used was taken from a well close to
the back door and for light we used kerosine lamps.
In fact, Dr. Hagan bumped his head on the hanging
lamp when he delivered us twins, Gladys and me.

I heard the grownups talk and joke so much about
this that I actually thought I had seen it. 'Well', I
told the folks when they questioned my remember-
ing, 'I was there and heard the bang, '"'

When the twins were going on two the family
moved to a ranch in Upton, Utah. The four years
spent there were mostly pleasant ones in spite of
the death of a day old baby girl, Mildred, their
fifth child, 18 Jan. 1912 at Coalville, where
Millie had gone to be near a doctor. The small
community of Upton with its some forty families,
mostly LDS, was a sociable town and many good
times were had there. Millie and Arthur especially
enjoyed the dances, Millie had her own saddlehorse
and drove the two-seated buggy in which she and the
children could come and go at will, even when the
menfolk were busy.

Moving back to Gunnison the fall of 1915, in
time to put the twins into school, Millie later had
the thrill of moving into the large and beautiful
"red-brick house! in time for the birth of her sixth
child and third son, David, 16 Nov. 1915. Arthur
was away much of the time on Bennion Livestock
Company business and when she was able, Millie
took in boarders, school teachers mostly,

She always kept her children looking nice,
The twins she dressed alike and kept their hair in
ringlets most of the time. They looked like little
dolls, Grace with her blond curls and blue eyes
and Gladys with her dark hair and dark eyes, She
