625 Louis

were a little easier. Two more daughters had
been added to the family however, making eight
living children in all to call Florence mother.

When reverses came, sometime after returning

to Lyman to live and the family were forced to

seek more modest quarters, Florence's flower
garden and shrubs brightened their surroundings
and their lives and even drew the attention of many
flower lovers in the area. LaFaun writes: -
"Mother's flowers and gardens proved attractive

to many people and particularly to a number from
the extension division of the University of Wyoming,
as flowers, fruits and shrubs that it was supposedly
not possible to grow in Wyoming were grown in her
well kept yard.

"She was always an outstanding mother and
homemaker. Besides raising her four brothers
and sisters she raised eight children of her own
and buried one. Her wise budgeting of expenses’
kept the family on an even keel for many, many
years.'' Though blessed with many talents she
made that of homemaking and motherhood her
greatest goal in life and it was indeed her glory.

Florence was in rather poor health the last
few years of her life. When at last it was too
difficult for her to take care of herself, or for
Louis to either, she went to be with some of her
married daughters, a few months with Rose in
Santa Monica, Calif., and then with Marjorie in
Ruth, Nevada. It was while in Ruth that she passed
away, 24 Nov. 1952.

Gleaned from her funeral card is the follow-
ing: - 'In memory of Sarah Florence Christensen,
born July 4th 1879, Dover, Utah; passed away
November 31, 1952, Ruth, Nevada. The time and
place of services - Mon. Nov. 24, 1952, 2 p.m.
Lyman Grade School auditorium, Services con-
ducted by Bishop Merrill B, Asay. Final Resting
Place - Lyman Cemetery. Arrangements by -
Gilbert Bills Mortuary."

Her daughter Rose wrote: - "I hope that I
have inherited some of my mother's outstanding
qualities - her spiritual strength and courage; her
love for the Gospel and the church, for her children
