519 Joseph

Tow and all were laid to rest in the Gunnison Ceme-

tery, Though infant mortality was much higher in

those early days than it is today, still this must

have been most disheartening to this couple and

they must have begun to wonder if they would ever
ave another child to raise besides Harold.

Joseph soon had their first very-own home
built in Gunnison and they were able to move in
Sometime before their fifth child and first daugh-
ter, Ruth Ellen, was born, 7 Oct. 1902. (Details
Of her birth appear in another chapter.) Harold
remembered well when that house was being built.
They were then living part of the time in Fayette
with his Bartholomew grandparents, but he used
tO come in from there and play about, jumping and
Sometimes stumbling over the rubber hoses with
Which the wo rkmen were watering down the cement
and, as he said, "getting into mischief in general".

This house is still standing in Gunnison (1969)

and from the outside appearance, still in good con-
ition though changed some. How well I remember
80ing there with my parents as a youngster, or
48ain with father on his way past there to our
Gunnison Ranch. Uncle Joseph and Aunt Roxie had
lots of cows, horses, pigs, chickens and even
‘urkeys on their place and plenty of milk, cream
ahd €ggs for any use. There were heaps of corn
©n the cob and fresh tomatoes in season, for they
always had the best of vegetable gardens, and
there was often chicken soup with dumplings, made
the Danish way. Aunt Roxie was a splendid cook
and so friendly and 'chatty''. Uncle Joseph, if he
were home, was usually sitting in a big chair
*eading, He seemed to me to be a man of few
words, but when he spoke it was with wisdom and

delibe rat; ister, Cousin Ruth
ration. My younger S51 ato ne

“llen's age, thought him overly sven h
SOmetimes got after them for ages too nee
nois ; . then, per

18€, or doing this or that, But 7 P "telling"

Ruth Elien and Ellen Elaine needed a little a
©N occasions. My, how they used to pound on that

Piano!
Though Joseph may have se

Some at times, because of his sob
way of Speaking, yet he was by habit most loving

emed stern to
er and deliberate
