Elvena 664

"She was loved by all members of her family,
young and old alike, but because of her lack of sub-
terfuge and her child-like qualities she was often
a butt for family pranks when she was a girl. She
used to entertain us children with stories of the
escapades she experienced with her brothers just
older, and other unusual happenings in her girlhood.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry when she told
about the time she had saved up extra eggs enough
to buy a coveted blouse. She told of carrying the
eggs in a basket and, accompanied by grandmother,
going carefully up the weed bordered sidewalk to-
ward town. As they came to a wooden bridge,
spanning an irrigation ditch, they stepped simultan-
eously upon a loose board, Aunt Vena, who weighed
less than grandmother, flew into the air and landed
on, in and under the ill-fated eggs.

"In appearance during her married years I
remember her as large, comfortable and expres-
sive. Her eyes were light blue and readily showed
every expression she felt. Smile crinkles bordered
her eyes and smile wrinkles deepened the corners
of her mouth that sometimes pouted in mock severity.
She had a slight impediment in her speech (lisping,
I think) but it didn't stop the volubility of expressed
love and concern for all of the children and grand-
children of hers and those of her 'dear brothers and
sisters'. Her appelation for her family was always
prefixed by 'dear'. It was 'dear brother Albert or
dear brother Joseph, or Andrew, or Chris, or
Louis, or Arthur', And it was 'dear sister Ada,
or Emma, or Elsie, or Tresia.' Her heart was
as big as her family and was the pivot around which
the family news circulated. She was an excellent
letter writer. She treasured the letters, cards,
pictures and clippings anyone sent her and she was
eager to pass on any family news she received,

"Although I saw very little of Aunt Vena dur-
ing her last years, Ido know that her children
honored and loved her and that everyone who knew
her spoke of her with endearing admiration, To
me she will always be a dear and cherished entity
crystalized into a glittering object endowed with
empathy, charity, trust, and a child-like faith in
life, humanity and God, which made her a delight
