And Should We Die 352

There were one hundred invited guests, including
four Bishops,"' Elsie was twenty-six years old at
the time and Alma was not yet twenty-three, for
there were three and a half years difference in
their ages,

At the beginning of this new century there
were prosperous times in the United States.
President William McKinley had successfully
steered the Ship of State through the turbulent
waters of the Spanish American War which had
been largely brought about by Spain's shameful
treatment of her colony, Cuba. So many Cubans
died a terrible death from starvation, Uncle Sam
stepped in and told the Spaniards that they could
not continue their heartless oppression of these
people and sent the battleship Maine into Cuban
waters to back up the statement if necessary. The
Spaniards more or less thumbed their noses at the
U. S. A. by blowing up the Maine. McKinley
declared the Cubans to be free and independent and
went to war to enforce it. Spain had part of the
Philippines in her possession too, and the Filipinos
were also fighting for their independence at this
time. The U. S, A. sent a fleet into Manila Bay
to assist in the protection of the rights of the
struggling people of the Philippines and in the fight
which followed, destroyed the Spanish Armada
there, In a few months the Spanish American War
was over, and under the terms of peace Cuba was
given her freedom and Spain sold the Philippine
Islands, Porto Rico and another of their small
islands to the United States for $20, 000, 000.
During the war Hawaii requested protection and
was also annexed to the United States,

The successful outcome of the war and the
prosperity of the country resulted in President
William McKinley being elected to another term
of office at the general election held Tue. 6 Nov,
1900, The Republican ticket in Utah also won by
alarge majority. Less than a year after the
beginning of his second term of office, or on Fri.

6 Sept. 1901, the President was attending the Pan-

American Exposition in Buffalo, New York. A man
by the name of Leon F, Czolgass joined a receiving
line where McKinley was shaking hands with people.
