Wendell Bartholomew 752

"By this time I had a wife and two growing
sons and we were soon blessed with twin daughters.
I felt that I must now find a business that could not
be damaged by changing conditions, I decided to
apply to the Occidental Life Insurance Company
where my brother Sheldon was then employed,

This was in November 1942. I was accepted and
soon trained and under way; the choice turned out
to be.a wise and profitable one. Early in 1944 my
manager was sent to San Francisco as branch man-
ager there and soon wrote and asked me to come
north to be his assistant, Ann and I went to the

Bay City to look things over and were impressed,
so I accepted,

"I moved to San Francisco first,
find a place for my family,
place was reserved for war workers, We were
invited to live with first one family of friends and
then another, until I finally got permission from
the government to build a house, and the Occidental
Life Insurance Company agreed to advance the
needed money to purchase a lot and needed materials.
Ann and the children were Sent to Salt Lake City to
live with her mother, nowa widow, while the house
was under construction. It was expected to be
finished within sixty to ninety days, but because of
the war and difficulty in getting materials, it took
more than nine months, This was a period of
Strain, especially for Ann, but finally the house
was finished in time for us to move in for Thanks-
giving 1946. It was a real Thanksgiving for us.

We were together again and in a home of our own,
and our business was prospering, The Lord had
been very kind and blessed us abundantly.

intending to
but every available

The year before, 1945, my boss had decided
to move back to Los Angeles and, after some dis-
cussion at the home office, I was given his position
in San Francisco. At first I was placed on salary
with the title of 'Acting Manager' but after one year
was given the full title of Branch Manager and an
overwriting on all the business produced by the
office, We prospered and built the business toa

production of over $20, 000, 000 per year. Yes,
we were blessed in many ways!

“Iwas called to be the Stake Superintendent
