519 Joseph

row and all were laid to rest in the Gunnison Ceme-
tery. Though infant mortality was much higher in
those early days than it is today, still this must
have been most disheartening to this couple and
they must have begun to wonder if they would ever
have another child to raise besides Harold,

Joseph soon had their first very-own home
built in Gunnison and they were able to move in
sometime before their fifth child and first daugh-
ter, Ruth Ellen, was born, 7 Oct. 1902. (Details
of her birth appear in another chapter.) Harold
remembered well when that house was being built.
They were then living part of the time in Fayette
with his Bartholomew grandparents, but he used
to come in from there and play about, jumping and
sometimes stumbling over the rubber hoses with
which the workmen were watering down the cement
and, as he said, ''getting into mischief in general",

This house is still standing in Gunnison (1969)
and from the outside appearance, still in good con-
dition though changed some, How well I remember
going there with my parents as a youngster, or
again with father on his way past there to our
Gunnison Ranch. Uncle Joseph and Aunt Roxie had
lots of cows, horses, pigs, chickens and even
turkeys on their place and plenty of milk, cream
and eggs for any use, There were heaps of corn
on the cob and fresh tomatoes in season, for they
always had the best of vegetable gardens, and
there was often chicken soup with dumplings, made
the Danish way. Aunt Roxie was a splendid cook
and so friendly and ''chatty'". Uncle Joseph, if he
were home, was usually sitting in a big chair
reading. He seemed to me to be a man of few
words, but when he spoke it was with wisdom and
deliberation. My younger sister, Cousin Ruth
Ellen's age, thought him overly stern for he
sometimes got after them for making too much
noise, or doing this or that. But then, perhaps
Ruth Ellen and Ellen Elaine needed a little "telling"
on occasions, My, how they used to pound on that
piano !

_ Though Joseph may have seemed stern to
some at times, because of his sober and deliberate
way of speaking, yet he was by habit most loving
