George Fern Clark 952

not as a pilot. Had he known what was ahead of
him he would have surely ceased his clambering

to be in the armed services and stayed home in

his safer place inthe mines, His boot training
took place at Buckley Field near Denver, Colorado;
his gunnery training of three months was had at an
Air Force center near Las Vegas, Nevada; his
flight training was given at an Air Force Base in
Dyersburg, Tennessee and it was here that he was
assigned to the 92nd Bombing crew of nine in the
8th U. S. Air Force Division, From then on this
crew stayed together and went from Tennessee by
train to Kearney, Nebraska and from thence to
Camp Kilmer, New Jersey, which was their port
of-embarkation, They sailed on the troop transport
U.S.S. Wendell L., Wilkie and disembarked at a
port in Scotland and went from there to an air base
in England where they arrived about June 1944.

George was assigned as "waist gunner"! on
their bomber and took up his position in the center
part of that plane when bombing missions were
flown, Each member of the crew carried with him,
besides his other equipment and parachute, a small
kit encased in plastic, containing a knife, some
first’aid supplies and the equivalent of about fifty
dollars in currency of the country over which they
were to fly. They were strictly schooled in the
tactics they should use in case they found them-
selves shot. down over enemy territory. The money
might be useful in buying their way out of some
situations, The bombers usually left England before
daybreak on their missions, with death and destruc-
tion flying with them not only for their targets and
victims but just possibly for their crews as well,
Yes, this was war!

Bomber crew 92nd started seeking its targets
in July that year. It flew nine successful missions
over Germany during the next less than two months.
About 4:00 a.m. on 13 Sep. 1944 it started out from
England on its tenth mission, which was to be
Nuremberg, Germany, the place where trials were
later held for Nazis accused of war crimes, The
nine members of the crew were in good spirits and
anticipating another successful bombing mission,
But just short of their target, enemy fire caught
