B55 And Should We Die

and cried to the Lord to save little Ruth Ellen, or
"Root" as she always called her after, She paid
little attention to her daughter-in-law during that
time, except to report to her at intervals - "A
little moisture on the eyelids. , . A little color
in the upper lip, . ."'

When it was finally safe for the child to be
left alone, Else put her down in the place that had
been prepared for her and then took care of the
mother, Roxie. When all was at last in order,
she sat down and wrote her report to her son
Joseph, addressing the letter just ''Bishop Joseph
Christensen, Salt Lake City, Utah.'' Another
Bishop Joseph Christensen of Salt Lake City, who
had been born in Gunnison, where his mother still
lived, received Else's letter. This Brother had
no idea his wife was even expecting and it almost
caused complications in his home. Years and
years later, Ruth chatted with this other Joseph
Christensen while he was on a church assignment
in San Diego, California, and he still got a chuckle
out of that experience. To the ever-thoughtful
Else K, this had seemed the proper thing to do on
that occasion. She said she often did things she
had never thought of doing before, through inspir-
ation, and more often than not things turned out
all right. She usually heeded the whisperings of
the "still small voice" that came to her so fre-
quently, She was a woman of great faith - and she
had such faith in prayer! She had prayed over
hundreds of babies and their mothers in the
delivery rooms of Gunnison Valley, as she had
also worked and prayed over hundreds of others
of her patients, But she had also wept as well -
wept over some who had passed away.

4, THROUGH YESTERDAY'S WINDOWS

''We live in the past through knowledge of
its history, and in the future through hope and
anticipation. By ascending to an association with
our ancestors, by contemplating their examples
and studying their characters; by partaking of
their sentiments and imbibing their spirit; by
accompanying them in their toils; by sympathizing
