A Clear Call 320

comes true, then we will make it as pleasant as
we can for you and make sure you get safely home
again to the far west, for that is where you belong.
Yes, may the Lord give you Strength and courage
so that this fall will bring you good woman here.

''The old ones want to live until you come;
namely Niels Vorup and Kristen Larsen.of Norhaa.
Yes, here is joy all over at the thought of your
homecoming. I have so many greetings for you!
June 6th I went to Hordum to visit Aunt Maren.

She takes care of one of the officials ‘Sogne fogeden'
in the Parish there. While there I also went to
‘Old Aunts' and then, since Maren had told me that
Mette, who is married to Jens Krog of Spaels, had
hurt her thigh, I decided to visit her also. The
following day I went through Norhaa and although

I hadn't been there since not long after you were
here, I still could recognize everything. I went

to Kjallerup to see Kristen and Maren Hvid and

got these names I am enclosing for you. They

said to tell youhello. I then went to Mettes. She
is a little better but still in bed. She has four sons
and a daughter. One son, Anders, lives in the
home for poor people, He is married and has five
children, although I think his wife is a little strange.
Another son is a bricklayer and lives at Thyholm
and one is a grocer in Copenhagen. One son is at
home to help Jens Krog. The daughter, Ane Marie,
is twenty-eight years old and a nice, good girl and
so clean and happy. She went with me to Lavst
Lykkes, for I wanted to tell Kristine about you.

She said to send youher love. She has been quite
broken down with sorrow. They have had four
children but about three years ago one boy in his,
fourteenth year was drowned down in a brook,

Then a little girl died and now they have only a

boy anda girl. It has struck her hard, lLavst has
been sick for sometime with an abdominal infection
and she worries about that too, as he has it so
often. Her husband is from Svendborg but this
year he has bought Uncles whole house So now they
are living in Aarup, I visited them on my way
home for I wanted to go by train from Snested to
Sjoring; for now we have trains in Jutland you know.
One runs from Thisted to Struer - the stations are
Thisted, Sjoring, Turbol, Snested, Hordum,
