267 United Order

and loom, she made and sewed by hand most of
the clothing worn by her family, as well as her
own. Dyes found in berries, brush, bark and dog-
wood could add a variety of color to the handmade
articles so, together with her young children, she
went into the field and hills gathering rabbit brush
for yellow and bark and berries for a variety of
browns and reds. She made rugs to cover her
floor from rags or wornout clothing, torn into
narrow strips then sewed together and woven on

a loom.

When she needed soap to help keep the family
and the home clean, she saved wood ashes ina
large barrel, poured water over them and caught
the drippings, added these to scraps of fat she had
hoarded and boiled them up together. Then after
much stirring and many skimmings over the hot
fire, she set the mixture by to cool and harden,
to be cut up into bars of soap afterwards. Water
with which to clean and wash, as well as drink and
cook, had to be carried mostly from the irrigation
ditch that ran near by. (They caught soft water in
rain barrels under the eaves.) Washing of clothes
was done by hand with homemade soap and plenty
of hard scrubbing on the washboard. The ironing
was done with stove irons, witha special fluting
iron for ruffles on skirts and bonnets. Their
Clothing differed greatly from our present day
SCanties; for though boys’ summer clothes might
have come under that category to some extent,
female clothing in particular bore very little
resemblance to that of the pre sent, Long full
skirts, dragging the ground, tight long mutton
sleeved waists, warm shawls, petite bonnets tied
under the chin, and high button shoes were high
Style for women in those days - but not all could
afford to be in fashion. Clothes had to last a long
time and be durable as well as fashionable. Hand-
me-downs and made-overs were much in style also
in early Mayfield and Gunnison days.

The boys of the Christensen family had much
worth remembering in those South Mayfield days,
for though poor in worldly goods perhaps, they
were rich in the association of ''caring parents"
and each other and the developing experiences of
