503 Andrew

shale beds; courses of rivers were changed to
make the deserts bloom, and the minds of all men
were turned toward good, There was a powerful
church in which his belief never faltered; strong
family ties and a love for literature and music. It
was to help reach this Utopia that so many paid the
fare, for his words created a vision of smooth
roads, pleasant company and ample rewards at
the end of the journey, It was as a guide for this
trip that he lived and for which he expended his
energy. It has been said that his ideas were twenty
years ahead of the times; that the world was not
then ready for them. Who knows what might have
happened had he gone more slowly, been more
cautious, planned more carefully, built more
solidly and dreamed less - who knows?!"!

"Father always tried,'' says Wendell, ''but
he was human and so made mistakes and sometimes
those mistakes loomed large. He was no ordinary
man; in fact he was far in advance of his times.
Many, having been touched by the magic of his
vision, were made far better and lifted up by that
experience, There were countless ways in which
he showed his love and concern, countless lessons
which he taught with insight and right timing, for
no one can deny but that he was a great teacher -
countless ones have attested to that. In his last
years he drove himself without mercy, though he
was sick and the doctors begged him to stop. In
his travels he was often hungry, living in cheap
rooms and having to borrow money to get home to
mother, From her he would only borrow more to
further other fruitless trips and divide his few
dollars among hangers-on who bled him for all he
could raise. As I look back I think father felt left
out and somewhat deserted those last years. His
family, for whom he had worked and planned so
much, had begun to go its separate ways and each
member was becoming independent. Even mother,
with rare business insight and tireless effort, had
created a profitable sewing business and was no
longer dependent on him, It was a hard role for
father to play and without a doubt, in my opinion,
helped to hasten his death, "'

Margaret says, ''During the last years of
