Wyoming Interlude 430

also, Following are extracts from a testimony
later given by Louis:--

'T reached Lyman, Wyoming in December
1913. I remained here in the country until the
spring of 1914. Iwas with the Bennion Livestock
Company, an assistant to my brother Chris "I"
Christensen. He was then the general manager
of this company. I never was a stockholder but I
worked for the company every winter after I came
here. I took up my land in January 1915, I moved
my family here in March 1916 and moved them
directly to the ranch, , . I built my first house in
the spring of 1916. It was a log and frame house
and it was burned down in October 1916. At that
time I attached no importance to this and did not
think it was a criminal act. I rebuilt the house in
the spring of 1917. . . The only trouble I had had
in the county up to this point was with a Mr.
at the oil well about 25 miles west of Carter, who
shot at a herder of C, I. Christensen's and C, I,
saw him about the matter,

"On September 14, 1917 Iwas at my ranch
and my wife and children were there, On this day
Iwas ploughing during part of the day and in the
afternoon I went and hauled water from the spring
and then fixed up my wagon to haul wood, I
retired between nine and ten o'clock, During the
night our dog barked and attracted my attention,
This was between about two and three o'clock A.M,
About three o'clock I heard a horse come in and
up to the east side of the house and then a little
later take off onthe run, I remarked to my wife,
"IT guess Mike (our dog) is running "Old Cap" off.
(Old Cap is one of my horses,) I laid there for a
few moments, I had my clock set for four o'clock
and got up to see what time it was. When I went to
the south room (kitchen) I saw the reflection of a
light through the window and I went to the door and
opened it and got the smell of fumes, I stepped out
and saw a blue flame about six inches high at the
edge of the roof and at the same time detected an
odor that smelled like wood alcohol. I put out the
fire with the water I had hauled, I found part ofa
torch, a piece about two inches long and an inch
wide. It looked like canvas or piece of water bag
