383 Destiny Takes a Hand

A few years before, Andrew and Sarah had
purchased a lovely home in Salt Lake City on 27th
South and 9th East, The story went that it had
been built by President John Taylor, so Edythe
says, and she continues:-~ "The house was of
brick, with an artistic front porch and roof from
which jutted dormer windows. The glass of the
front parlor window was of good dimension with an
upper panel of colored glass. The home was of
two stories. A couple of the upstairs bedrooms
had windows facing the west from which we could
watch the sunsets with their colored reflections
upon Great Salt Lake, as well as the snow-capped
mountains of the Ochre (Oquirrh?) range in
winters. The annual fireworks displays of old
Wandemere Park were exciting delights on July
Fourth and Twenty-Fourth nights. It was like
having reserved seats to the very best shows.

"The grounds were extensive. Many homes
have since been built upon the area that was then
our lot. Fruit trees of all varieties, raspberries,
strawberries, and different kinds of currants grew
abundantly. There was much garden s pace. The
property even boasted a windmill but this father
took down to avoid the danger of having it crash
onto the roof in a strong wind. A big stream of
water gushed from a pipe on the property, but
whether its source was from a spring OF an
artesian well I do not know. Father envisioned
our own fish pond and proceeded to have one
excavated, lined with cement and stocked with an
abundance of trout. It was later protected with a
high mesh fence when the second daughter of the
family, Elsie Eliza, came along; for from the
time she could toddle she was fascinated with this
pond, The fence had a padlocked gate to permit
easy entrance to the pond when necessary.

"Sometime later, in fact Friday 8 April 1910,
my two younger brothers and I were hard bent on
‘jumping the rope’, It was the rage at school and
Wendell and I hoped to perfect our form. We were
down in the orchard some distance from the house.
Mother had commissioned us to watch out for
seventeen-month-old Elsie who had also come out
of doors to play, but was not with us. We had
