Destiny Takes a Hand 384

looked toward the fish pond and the gate appeared
closed so we looked no further, After a time
mother called from the back door, 'Have you seen
Elsie?' The rope was thrown down and we
scattered to search. J] reached the pond. The gate
was now ajar, apparently it had been pushed closed
but not locked. There, peacefully floating on the
water, baby face to the sky, was our little sister.
I was quickened and stunned with remorse - why
hadn't I gone out to the gate and really checked -
why hadn't I watched more closely and kept the
baby with us? I wrestled with myself and even yet,
after all these years, I feel responsible for that
tragedy. A small funeral service was held in our
parlor a few days later and Elsie was buried in the
family plot at the Provo City Cemetery beside our
brother Adelbert, I never 'jumped the rope' again,
nor could I even bear to watch the school groups
jumping the rest of that spring, ''

Nevertheless this was not the end of the grief
for the Christensens, I remember it as if it were
yesterday. We, Albert and Jennie and family, lived
in the John Maiben home in Manti which we were
renting while our new house was being finished,
our old one having been sold. Elaine and I had
just returned from Sunday School, it being Sunday
22 May 1910. We found mother in the parlor,
accompanying herself on the organ and singing that
very old hymn, ''Who are those arrayed in white,
brighter than the noonday sun, , ,'' At least these
were the words she was singing, if not the title of
the song. Father was out of town on court business.
A messenger came to the door - Father was wanted
on the community telephone, long distance. Mother
went to take the call - she seemed worried, She
came back in a few minutes, tears streaming down
her face. Cousin Orilla, Chris! and Caroline's
daughter Elaine's age had just passed away with
scarlet fever, Others of their children were down
sick with it also. The funeral would not be held
until they could get word to Uncle Chris who was
up on ''The Weber'', They would let us know later.
Five days after, Friday 27 May, about the same
time of day as Sunday, mother was again seated at
the organ playing and singing ''Who are those
arrayed in white. , .'', when a girl from the
