345 And Should We Die

away, or rather wandered away and became lost -
and nobody came to find her. A mid-September
dusk in 1897 found Theresia in northwest Gunnison,
hungry, cold and forlorn. She fell asleep that night
on the steps of the Relief Society Hall. The shouts
of happy children gathering on the nearby school
grounds next morning awakened her. Lonely and
disheveled she sauntered over to join them, but
the school bell sounded and they rushed into the
Schoolhouse and she was left alone again, having
no desire to follow them in. Nobody seemed to
mind her and she hung around the school until
morning recess brought the children out again.

She joined a small group of girls, seemingly about
her own age of nearly nine. She was a stranger to
them and questions flew fast: 'Where do you live?"
She said she didn't know - which was probably true.
"Where are your father and mother?" She had no
father and her mother was far away. "Don't you
have a home?" No, she had no home - no place to
8°. Among the group was a tender hearted little
girl whose last name was Fredrickson. She lived
just kitty-cornered northwest from the Relief
Society Hall nearby. She took Theresia home

with her and told her mother that her new-found
friend had no place to go. "Can't she live with us
Mother?'! Sister Fredrickson, overburdened with
a large family, answered, ''We'll see"! and her
daughter Scampered back to school, leaving the
Strange little Swedish girl in the hands of her
Mother,

Sister Fredrickson looked the child over,
she was a beautiful girl but so neglected looking.
After trying to make her feel at home and listen-
ing to her tearful little story, told in haulting,
broken English, she considered the situation while
Theresia ate hungrily of the food she had given her,
Then the kind Sister said, ‘I know just the place
for you my dear, Some people down the block
have recently buried a little girl about your age.
Come along with me!' And so they went west to
the end of the block, Sister Fredrickson and Anna
Theresia Carlson, whom henceforth we shall call
'Tresia', but let her tell part of her own story.

‘I was shifted about from one family to another
Until I didn't have a place to live. A lady knew
