109 Bested

long before she was ready for it, There was
plenty of snow, though not too much cold, so that
Rudolph could come for her in his sleigh, with
bells a-jingling, to bring her home, Her heart
gave a leap to be near him, but there was a
feeling of restraint also, It was like black and
white, It was the same when she came to the
cottage too; she wanted to be gay, yet she was
sad. It was all so confusing, for her emotions
kept fighting themselves back and forth the live-
long time. She noted no change inthe others,
This should have been her brightest Yule. Her
betrothed was most often there, attentive and
possessive, and she liked it -- yet she liked it
not, Mette had gone to such great pains with the
cooking, The Yule gifts for her brides-chest
were elegant and many:- newly made quilts,
freshly downed pillows, embroidered cases,
sheets and underthings - the chest was now so full
she had to sit on it to shut it.

Strangely, the talk then was much about
religion and of how the famous Grundtvig had said
this-and-that and such-and-such. Had Else heard
him? Yes she had, several times, Well? She
smiled and passed it off; had she told them her
thoughts they'd have scarce agreed, Every dis-
cussion eventually got back to 'those Mormons!"
They talked of recent mobbings and Far said,
'!'Tis not good to run with mobs - let the devil
take care of his own,.'' Christen did not agree;-
"The devil could do with a little help there", he
said. He was most vicious in his attack on the -
"Saints" as he denounced them in no uncertain
terms, Poor fellow, thought Else, the war had
left him mixed up indeed. Then Mads, always
trying to make peace, said it was peoples right
to worship as they pleased, under the new consti-
tution; then his eyes twinkled, ''But perhaps these
Mormons have some good in them after all!'' My
what a howl went up as everybody got into the
discussing. Else almost swallowed her tongue.
holding back the words which were fighting to
come out of her, As the heated tirade against
the ''Saints' ran on it took turns that she dared
not try to check, though her cheeks burned with
indignation as she listened, eyes cast down,
