TD Norhaa

had just turned eight the 18th of March that year
and Mads had his seventh festival just ten days
before, on the 19th of March, the day after Karen's
birthday. Their old grandmother Karen, now 78,
was with them but their half-brother Christen was
not. He perhaps remained in Kjallerup working
for someone, since he was then just turned 13, or
he may have been with Mette's parents down in
Svindborg. Anders had come to their new farm
before the planting season was over, so he would
plough after all that spring; and Mette was in her
nicer cottage in plenty of good time to welcome
the new baby there in Norhaa, 22 Aug. 1852. And
guess what -- it was a bouncing, plump baby girl
whom they christened Sidsel Marie and called
Marie. Her hjemmedobt (home baptism) was |
recorded as 24 Aug. 1852 and her fremstillingen

i Kirken (recognition of the same in the church)
10 Oct. 1852, all in their new Parish church in
Norhaa.

Young Karen, dark haired and small of
stature, started school for the first time the late
fall of 1852, in the schoolhouse close to the white
church at Norhaa, for she was now eight years old.
The young students who went clogging along in their
wooden shoes through mud and snow, removed them
upon entering the school room and placed them in
individual cubby-holes, assigned to each for that
purpose, before donning soft handmade slippers
instead. The school classes in these farming towns
and villages usually lasted for about six months
‘each year, from after-harvest in October to before-
planting in April; children were needed on the farms
between times. One teacher for each two grades
was the general rule, with a supervisor, and a
sort of school council or board made up of citizens.
Of course the Parish Priest was the general super-
visor, over all, and often looked in and listened in
at the school, questioning the pupils, especially
at examination times. Here in these free Church
and State schools young Danes learned to read and
write and were tutored in the literature, history
and geography of their own land. Girls were
instructed in the home-making arts and learned
to hand-sew, embroider, knit and crochet; while
boys were given training in agriculture, care of
