337 With Flags Flying

It was well known to my parents that I had the
ambition to become a lawyer. I had occasionally
taken out a certain young lady and, as far as I
knew, she was suitable in all respects. I pre-
sumed my mother knew that I was going out with
her. It came to my attention that, in talking to
one of the neighbors, mother had incidentally
remarked that she hoped that I would not marry
this particular person. Shortly thereafter I
approached mother and told her that I had some-
thing very special that I wished to talk to her about.
I asked her to come into her bedroom, and accord-
ingly she accompanied me into the bedroom and I
closed the door. A chair was placed for her, and
taking a seat directly in front of her I said, ‘Mother,
I am thinking about getting married'. She seemed
stunned - too surprised to speak; and then I added,
'I would like for you to find me a suitable wife’.
She threw up her hands and exclaimed, ‘That's
your business - I'll have nothing to do with it !!

I said, 'Well, if that is the way you feel, I will
assume the responsibility but I wanted to have it
clearly understood between us''', And that ended
that and the young lawyer-in-embryo had won his
first case.

Joseph was the first to marry. He went to
the Manti Temple Wed. 6 Sept. 1893 and Laurs
and Else went with him. They must have been
delighted with the girl he chose - Roxie, the eldest
daughter of Bishop Bartholomew of Fayette. The
Bartholomew family had been among the first to
Settle in Fayette and was considered outstanding
in many ways - but particularly in overcoming the
wilderness and in devoted service to the Lord.
Indeed, Roxie came from fine stock. Her father,
John Bartholomew, was Presiding Elder and then
Bishop of Fayette for forty-seven years in all.

In their new rock house in Fayette he and his
capable wife, Eliza Roxie Metcalf, had entertained
many of the General Authorities over the years,
including church president, Wilford Woodruff, who
was a favorite visitor intheir home. Two more
of the Christensens married into this family,
Andrew marrying Roxie's younger sister Sarah,
also in the Manti Temple, Wed. 1 July 1896, and
Elsie marrying their brother Alma in the same
