Andrew 492

inspiring our eager lives. Mother also threw off
her sadness as best she could and seemed to enjoy
this period of her life.

"Father at first did some research at Christ
College in Oxford, England. But for part of each
day members of his family were also educated when,
under his expert guidance, we wandered through the
various colleges with their lovely green, deer-
infested parks; the many musty, vine covered old
churches; walked along the tree-shaded banks of
the winding river and even rowed boats on the same
quiet stream. Sometimes we watched the rowing
teams or opposing teams of young men engaged in
playing rugby or cricket. We browsed through
secondhand book stores and rode on street cars
drawn by horses along crooked streets that had
originally served as cow trails.

"We left England and met Grandfather and
Grandmother Christensen in the Province of
Thisted, Denmark. Then followed a few weeks of
nothing but visiting our Danish relatives. In the
main they were prosperous appearing farmers with
fine, snug barns boasting fat, sleek animals and
many ducks and geese. The hand of welcome was
extended until 'Mormonism' was mentioned. Grand-
mother Christensen's visit had been in the interest
of genealogy. She loved people and was in her true
element. Father assisted her in this work, It was
his second trip to Denmark and the relatives there.
At the Danish capitol of Copenhagen, he made time
to take us to the Thorvaldsen Museum and Chapel
that houses the moving sculptures of Christ and
His Twelve Apostles, Father related the story of
the artist Thorvaldsen's humble beginning when as
a poor boy, along the wharf, he was discovered
whittling remarkable little figures of wood. Some-
one of note spotted the boy's potential and started
him on his way towards becoming Denmark's
greatest sculptor,

"From Denmark we went to Germany where
father studied next, We were taken by him to see
children's plays staged with unbelievable imagina-
tion and delight. ‘Hansel and Gretel' and many of
the fairy tales were made real before our very
eyes, We visited the 'Gowandhaus', world famous
