Kobberod 154

holdings be sold to assure emigration funds for the
rest of the family. So Christen senior began
casting about for a possible buyer for his land.
Ready money was needed right away, because all
who planned to emigrate were required to make
deposits for their ship passages and railway
tickets well in advance, in order that arrangements
could be made with authorities both in Denmark and
America, The fare from Copenhagen, Denmark,
to Wyoming, Nebraska, U.S.A., the outfitting
place for the Saints who were to cross the plains

in 1866, was about 82 Danish rigsdaler or $42.00
in American money for each adult person, Child-
ren could travel for half fare, This meant that
transportation for the Christensen family for this
part of the journey alone would cost around 440
rigsdaler. Else would be required to pay at least
80 rigsdaler.in advance, The trip to Aalborg and
from thence to Copenhagen would be extra and there
would be money needed for supplies at Wyoming,

as well as plenty to defray incidental expenses
along the way. Christen Christensen was blessed
in being a man of some means; most planning to
emigrate were much, much less fortunate.

Besides the physical preparations for the
going-away, there were moral and spiritual details
to be looked after - the ''Word of Wisdom!" for
instance, Snaps and tobacco were not difficult for
the Christensen men to give up, once they put their
minds to it, but tea and coffee were another matter.
It was hard for Scandinavians to get along without
their coffee. The hours of the day could be counted
by the number of cups of coffee served in a Danish
household, The old black coffeepot stood enshrined
on the back of every kitchen stove, always filled
with the hot beverage, ready for pouring. The
early church authorities were somewhat lenient
with the Saints of the northland where coffee was
concerned, for this habit seemed to be such an
intrinsical part of their lives, When the pure, cool
drinking water of Zion could be substituted, it
would be time enough for them to change.

Christmas was a wonderful time for the
Christensens and members of their household that
year, There was genuine thanksgiving and rejoicing
