681 Joseph Harold

(2) Joseph Harold Christensen (3) "I was
born Sun. 21 Oct. 1894 in the Bardsley home in
Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah, where father had rented
two rooms. He was a schoolteacher. WhenIwas
about five years old we moved to Redmond, Utah
where my father and mother both taught school,

I can remember trying to keep up with the older
boys there playing 'Follow Jack' and trying to
jump a wide ditch as they did. I would get wet
and then would get my legs whipped with my wet
stockings that had buttons on the top, and that
didn't feel so good.

'The next two winters father taught at Vernal,
Utah so we moved there. I missed the first two
grades of school, as mother taught me at home
while in Vernal. Then we moved back to Gunnison
and I attended school there until Iwas twelve. At
that time they felt that I was too young to go away
to school so I took the eighth grade over since
there was no high school in Gunnison at that time.
The following year I went to Ephraim, Utah and
attended Snow College, living with some people
by the name of Nielson.

'My first trip to Salt Lake City came about
this time the summer I was thirteen or fourteen,
Alma Fredrickson, a boy who lived with us for
nine years and was just like a brother, and I
decided to see the big city. I don't remember how
we got there or who we went with but I do remember
we both had new straw hats and we wanted to see
the trains. We got up onthe viaduct to look down
on the trains as they passed below and our hats
blew off and we lost them and besides got peppered
with hot cinders.

"About 1910 father fed between twenty and
thirty milch cows down on his brother Albert's
Gunnison ranch about a mile or two west of town.

I had to go down there both before and after school
for atime to help milk them. Iwas pretty happy
when he sold the carload to the Clover Leaf Dairy
and I got rid of that job.

"The year after attending Snow College at

Ephraim, which was just a preparatory school, I
attended first year High School in Manti and lived
