579 Elsie

rock house. We are fortunate to be able to copy
much of the remainder of her history from her own
record, which she placed in her ''Book of Remem-
brance''’, We quote from this;-- "One thing I
remember when I started school in Gunnison,
Augusta Swalberg, my teacher, made me stand up
by her table for talking. I cried so loud she couldn't
go on with her teaching so she told me to go to my
seat, In my first two years.of school I had learned
my readers sothat I could recite them through by
memory, The next three years spelling, reading
and arithmetic were taught. Ward Stevens was the
teacher, The time I liked best was during recess
when Emma Metcalf and I played baseball with the
big boys, one of us on each side, We were good
batters and fast on the run, On Fourth of July I
took part in a running contest; as first prize I
received a beautiful blue feather fan,

"At the age of fourteen I went to the Snow
Academy in Ephraim, Sanpete, Utah, which had
been founded the year before (5 Nov. 1888). The
upstairs of the old Co-op Store there was the resi-
dence of the institution. Alma Greenwood was then
its president and he was assisted by a Miss Henry.
The Academy was just a preparatory and inter-
mediate school,

"The fall of the next year (1890) I kept house
for my father while mother and a foster child, Ada,
went to Denmark to visit her folks. After they
returned home I attended the Seminary held in
Gunnison Ward and taught by Brother Joseph Jen-
sen, This I started in January 1891. That fall I
went to Provo with my brothers Joseph and Albert
and Vio Sorenson to attend the Brigham Young
Academy. Vio's grandmother, Sister Capson,
kept house for us. The school was held in the
Z.C.M.1, warehouse near the depot, which was
the best that could be had at the time. But on ©
Monday, 4 Jan. 1892, teachers and students
marched to the new building for the B, Y.A,
between 5th and 6th North on Academy Ave. The
veteran educator, Karl G. Maeser, was released
as president of the school and Benjamin Cluff
installed as his successor, I continued school in ©
winters at B.Y.A. until 21 May 1896, when I was
