849 Luther Bartholomew

things plus Seminary. I didn't do well in most of
my subjects but I liked Seminary because we
studied Exodus, which involved the Children of
Israel traveling through the wilderness living off
the land and eating manna and quail, I finished
that school year and then returned to Idaho Falls
and worked on a farm all that summer and until
after school had started the next fall.

"I then returned to Salt Lake and started
This time it was a South Jr. High
School. This winter J went back to trapping and
also did real well in school. I won first place in
a writing competition and had the opportunity to
read my paper at the as sembly for the whole
School, I also was in the operetta and was the
only baritone, as I was the only boy whose voice
had changed, I needed a car for my work with
the traps. We had an old car in the garage in
need of repairs. I got it all fixed up but I lost
out to Wendell who had just returned from his
mission and took possession ofthe car to go

school again,

courting.

"That summer I chauffeured my Dad to

We worked with mining claims in
That fall we returned to

to the South Jr. High. The

me back to California. I told

Father I wanted to stay here and work for a sport-
ing goods place. We weren't successful in finding

this type of work, but I got a job at Glendale Small
Animal Hospital that summer and continued on for
the rest of the year. The following fall I worked
for the hospital in the mornings before I went to

Herbert Hoover High School, and for a supply
On Saturdays I worked for

company after school.

the Humane Society taking the dead animals down
to the rendering plant. At this time I bought a
little apple green Chevrolet roadster with a
rumble seat. I hada tin box which fit in the
rumble seat where I carried the dead dogs, The
first trip in my new car I had an accident, with
dead dogs flying every which way. People gathered
and were feeling so sorry for my poor little dogs
that had been killed; little did they know that the
dogs had been dead for several days.

California.
San Gabriel Canyon.
Salt Lake City and I
following spring I ca
