Wyoming Interlude 438

Caroline came before he passed away, 5 Oct. 1917,
the day after his fiftieth birthday. His oldest son,
eighteen year old Elmer, then farming onthe ranch
in Cedar Valley, had had a premonition that some-
thing was wrong before he got the upsetting word;
for he had dreamed, or imagined, that his father
came and stood in the door of his tent the night
before,

They took the body to Gunnison, Utah, for
burial beside his daughters, Elora and Orilla, in
the family plot there. Then the bereaved Caroline
and her six fatherless children, Pearl 23, Elmer 18,
Roy nearing 17, Ivy near 13, Farrald 8 and Gordon
53, went back to their home in Salt Lake City for a
time. They had difficult days and decisions ahead.
But always life must go on somehow for those that
are left, and soon they were back again doing what
they had to do, some in Wyoming and others in
Salt Lake City.

Elsie's daughter, Ellamae, tells about going
to Utah when her Uncle Chris died:-- 'I remember
when Uncle Chris was shot; and when he died we
rode with his body to Evanston, from where we
went by train to Salt Lake City and on to Gunnison.
In Evanston Edith and I had to go to bed in the hotel
with our shoes on because we had left the button
hook home.'' Men were left guarding at The Oasis
while the occupants were all away, for even in the
face of this tragedy no safety could be felt for their
homes there. Sheriff Lowhan made this statement: --
"T came back to the Christensen's ranch on Oct. 4th,
“after C, I. was shot and stayed there until the 9th.
On this trip I remained while L. D. took his
brother's body to Utah for burial. Dewey Rawlins
and Rube Field were there one night watching and

from the 9th to the 12th Deputy Sheriff Twombly
was there."

Louis and his family, Elsie and hers, as well
as Vena, returned to the ranch in Wyoming as soon
as possible, for this was their home and they had
no intention of abandoning the struggle to save what
they had there from the evil forces that seemed
determined to drive them out, Elsie of course
planned to move into Lyman for the winter to put
the children in school, as she had the year before,
