Joseph 518

First North and Second West. This home Lael
standing (1968) but now unoccupied and dilapi ar
It was here that their first child Harold was bo ae
21 Oct. 1894. Likely Joseph's mother Else, ah
lived close by, assisted as midwife at that bir - s
Roxie always had a hard time having her cae et
She had two more little ones while they were poxte
living in Gunnison. The first of these, little
Irene, lived only six weeks (6 Nov. 1896-18 De |
1896) and the second, Royal Milton, a month ae
eleven days (14 Jan. 1898-25 Feb. 1898) (The? 2
is some confusion now among various mem pet he
the family as to the exact dates of these two bit
and deaths - more research should be done. )
Joseph!
the births an
Redmond,

S next teaching assignment, followin’
d deaths of these two babies, waS “i
Harold wrote of this in his history?" -
"My first recollections, as a real small child ©
about five years, were in Redmond, Utah, @ ~
Small town in Sevier County about ten miles 504

of Gunnison, where both my father and mother
taught school,

I remember trying to keep up wit
the older boys of the neighborhood while playin8
'Follow-Jack" and trying to jump a wide ditch, @
they did, I would get wet and then would get MY ons
legs whipped with my wet stockings that had uve
on the top, and that didn't feel so good.

1
P . rna ’
"The next winter the folks went over tO vs
Utah ji

n the Uinta Basin to teach, They loaded ar
belongings in a large buggy and we started out PY
way of Salina Cany

any
; On. Idon't remember how ™
nights we camped out b

one, father was sure s
night and turned our b

‘rst
. LG?
ut the morning aiter the .

Omeone had come in thé t

uggy around. Of course ss '
wasn't the buggy but father that was turned aro de
but he Wouldn't admit that he was wrong. He —_
me a 'flipper' while On that trip. After two ye?*”
of teaching in Vernal we went back to Gunnison t°
stay and father became Principal of the public
school there, "

Another baby was born to Joseph and Rox”
that first winter back in Gunnison. But little
La Faun, born 27 Feb. 1901, only lived two an
half months and then passed away, 13 May Ng
Thus they had lost three little ones straight in @
