Elvena 652

I remember at one time my mother Jennie bought

a beautiful piece of gold colored satin for Vena a
dress because it would ''go so well with her lovely
hair'’, On one occasion Vena was chosen as the
"Goddess of Liberty" for a Fourth of July celebra-
tion in Gunnison, for which that town was famous,
and she rode on the main float in the parade, decked
out in a long white flowing robe girded with a long
braided satin cord, and with a golden colored crown
on her upswept, beautifully arranged golden colored
hair, She also sat in state in the patriotic assembly
which followed. Truly she must have been a picture
of loveliness!

In the winter of 1909 her parents sold the rock
house in which she had been born and grown to
womanhood and moved to Manti to be near the
temple, for they were so interested in doing their
genealogy. Vena, still unwed at twenty-two and the
only child at home, moved along with them, She
often used to tell that no matter how old or tall she
had become, her mother Else always introduced her
to new people as her 'baby''. The embarrassed girl
used to counter by saying, "brother Arthur is the
baby boy'', but could never hide her blushes, She
was so timid and modest around strangers.

Vena seldom stayed at home in Manti however,
for she was so much in demand by her sisters and
brothers to assist in their homes and with their
families. She was always so capable and willing
that it is easy to see how she may have been imposed
upon at times by those she loved. We doubt if she
seldom or ever refused or complained. Whenever
there was any need in any of the Christensen fam-
ilies, the call went out for ''Vena''! She was truly
an angel of mercy to each and everyone of them.

In midsummer of 1910 Vena's parents left for
a three months trip to Denmark to visit their rela-
tives and search out more of their genealogy. Her
father still had his only living brother residing there
whom he had not seen in forty-four years, or since
before he left the Old Country the spring of 1866,
Her mother of course had been back twenty years
before and established a close relationship once
again with her three Danish sisters and one brother
and their families living there. They had corres-
