117 Bested

the 'mischief-maker'", having been one of the
Mormons they let in, It would be the greatest

and most friendly favor, he had written, should
Elder Hansen find someone responsible in his

area who could qualify. An intelligent, person-
able, capable Mormon sister would be most desir-
able, since this would not only solve his immediate
problem but might also be the means of hastening
the baptisms of these family members, He was
especially set on these baptisms, Elder Myrup had
confided, since he had his eyes on the eldest daugh-
ter, ‘Then’he added aP.S, -- ''The farmer can
afford to pay well but the applicant must be able

to furnish proper references, of course,"!

"Of course !'! -- Else remembered how her
hopes had tumbled at this last, but up until then
she had been listening with mounting eagerness
to the letter recital. She had thought, Who now
would give 'proper'' references to a runaway
Mormon convert? Most of her few pleasant
memories lately had been thus sprinkled with
bitterness, like black pepper. Elder Hansen had
spoken then, as if in answer to her thinking, --

"JT will vouch for you myself, Sister Andersen, if
you desire the position; and I promise you, in full
faith, that you shall obtain it, if this be so!'' Then,
since she was silent, considering, he continued,
"Who can say but that if you are frugal and dilli-
gent you may be able to emigrate in the spring?
Elder Jensen, myself and others of my family
from Jutland, are leaving for Zion in early May

on a ship the church has secured. There is much
chance of employment in the valley of the moun-
_tains and I have friends there who would help you, "'
All of a sudden she had blurted out, before she
could stop the words, -- "Are you a bachelor |
then?'' And Elder Hansen had smiled and answered,
'"Nej - Ihave a sweet wife and new-born son in-
Aalborg. I haven't seen the wee one yet but they

say he favors me.'' After a pause, and rather
raspy then, as if her throat were dry, she had
gotten out the words, -- 'I will take the position -

and be most thankful for it - but first I must go.
home to Norhaa and bid goodby.'' Elder Hansen
himself had bid goodby then, after having promised
to write his friend Lars in Kobberod and make all
