Joseph 528

The woodwork about the side and the mantle are
the same that her father John made some ninety
years ago.

"Roxie remembered their first great family
tragedy. It was the latter part of October 1878 -
she was six and a half. Her oldest brother, John,
nearly nine was very sick with 'membranous croup’,
Elder John Mellor was called to the home to
administer to and bless the child. He gave John
the blessing of health, but as he turned to leave he
said to her mother: 'Eliza, I can't tell you that
William will live.' He had reference to Roxie's
young brother, age four, who was sitting on the
floor playing and apparently in the best of health.
John recovered but in two days William was dead.
Roxie remembered their sorrow.

''When Roxie was about eight years old her
mother was making apricot jam and asked her to
see if it was cool. She tried to lift the large pan
and upset it, spilling the hot jam all over herself
from her neck down to her legs, She was badly
burned and it took a long time to heal the resulting
sores,

"Eleven children were born to that Bartholo-
mew family and Roxie helped her mother as any
pioneer daughter should, She was about twelve
years old when her mother got a 'home' sewing
machine, Eliza wasn't used to this quick way of
hemming sheets so she put Roxie to it. Though
her mother tried to show her how, Roxie did it
her own way, behind her mother's back, and soon
learned all the tricks of cutting and sewing and her
mother knew she was the better of the two, child
though she was.

"Her father was Presiding Elder and then
Bishop of Fayette for many years (about forty-
seven in all), For some time the end of the rail-
road was at the Juab terminal of York, some fifteen
miles north of Fayette. When the authorities of the
church had conference appointments south of Juab,
they would put their horses and carriages on the
train, unload them at York and drive to Bishop
Bartholomew's to spend the night, or at least rest
their animals for a time in his big barn that always
