877 Ella May

So in the spring of 1943 we bought a home in
Idaho Falls,

"It seemed wonderful to see the streets
lighted again - I felt so good I wanted to run
instead of walk, We found the people so friendly
and interested, The boys and I became active in
the Fifth Ward, Itaught Primary and was secre-
tary in the Relief Society. I also served as Stake
Secretary for the Relief Society, Pat joined in the
socials and dances. Then we bought a small farm
and moved six miles out of town. Pat and I were
both inexperienced but worked hard fixing up the
house and getting livestock and machinery. The
house was modern only to the extent that it had
water piped in. Later we found out that the well
went dry every spring for three months. We
painted, papered, built new cupboards and installed
hot water, Pat was working as a car salesman and
I decided to go to work to help with the finances.
We had a big garden so there was plenty of canning
to do, We had cows, pigs, chickens, rabbits, and
raised hay, grain and potatoes. We studied all the
government bulletins on farming. I could write a
book on our experiences on that farm.

"The boys had a mare and colt. They rode
the school bus to school and were active in all kinds
of sports and in music. Bill played the violin and
Mike sang and played the piano. Many times in
the winter the roads would be closed from drifting
snow, We made a comfortable home the nine years
we lived on the farm and have many happy mem- |
ories - the boys loved it!

"We had an outstanding Bishop in the Taylor
Ward, Wesley Roberts, who had a wonderful
influence on our boys, I'm sure it was his teach-
ings and inspiration that gave them the desire to
go on missions, We have always been proud of our
boys and wonder sometimes how we could have been
so lucky. They both filled missions, Bill in Mexico
and Mike in the New Engiand States, They both
graduated from college, Bill from the University
of Idaho in Forestry and Mike from the BYU in
Business Administration, They both had temple
marriages, Bill married Helen Sessions in the
Idaho Falls Temple and Mike married Judith Ann
