895 Don Giimore

first year across Oakland Bay Bridge to San Fran-
cisco. At the end of the first year there I was able
to transfer to Boalt Hall at the University of Cali-
fornia at Berkeley, where I received my LLB
degree on 17 June 1948.

"During this last school period we had put
the boys in nursery school arid Freda went to work
for the Radiation Laboratory on the Berkeley cam-
pus, Her earnings, together with the benefits
received under the GI Bill, enabled us to get by
quite well. But there was still the bar examination.
This I took early next fall and was successful in
Passing, Incidently, I also took and passed the
Utah Bar examination that year but decided not to
return to Utah.

; "Upon passing the Bar we learned of an open-
ing in the office of John T, Fuller, a practicing
attorney in Porterville, Calif. I accepted his offer
and went into his employ, which later developed
into a partnership that continued until Mr. Fuller's
death in March 1965. In the meantime another
yOung attorney, George S. Kralowee Jr., who
Passed the Bar two years after myself, joined the
firm, We are partners and enjoy a very happy
4S8Sociation, Our new offices at 472 West Putman
in Porterville, when we opened in January. 1966,
have room for four attorneys, but neither George
or I desire to take in additional partners at this
time. Neither of my two older sons plan on joining
Of the three boys.born to us
Robert, Richard.and James
essed a desire: to join me in
However, they are.still young

and may. change their minds, I haven't been as
fortunate in this respect as Uncle Albert was.

Our one and only girl, Glena, isia.very sharp little
Student and has pleased her Dad by stating ‘that she
would join me at the.office; _Icreplied, that: she?
Might make a good secretary - but she, toe #s still
young. Over the years we have built a good prac-
tice and J am hoping that some of the children will
join me, though I do not intend to dojmuch,'arm

twi sting! on the matter.
there

‘When we came to Porterville in 1949 the:
was a small branch of the LDS church hére, which

the legal fraternity.
here in Porterville,
Allen, two have expr
the practice of law.
