641 Arthur

establishment or take up school teaching. When
the new Gunnison Telephone Company was incor-
porated in 1909, in which Leo Gledhill took an
important part, Mary Gledhill operated the mag-
netic switchboard on the second floor of the post-
office building. Several years before, Mary
worked for Albert and Jennie Christensen in Manti
when their oldest son, Sherman, was born.

Millie went to work for Laurs and Else K.
Christensen, whom everyone called Grandpa and
Grandma, two and a half blocks east of the Gledhill
home. They were operating a boarding house at
the time and employed two girls, Millie helped
with the housework and the cooking and doubtless
learned a great deal about Danish cooking from
Else K. It was at this time that she became very
interested in the youngest Christensen son, Arthur,
a handsome blond young man with blue eyes. A
romance soon developed between the two and con-
tinued for several years, during part of which time
Arthur attended the B. Y. A. in Provo.

Millie and Arthur were married in the beauti-~-
ful Manti Temple on Wednesday 3 Feb. 1904. Millie
was nearly twenty-two and Arthur was some five
months younger. A history of the first few years
of their married life has been given briefly in
Arthur's life story, but the birth of their twin
girls is given more in detail by the oldest of the
twins, Grace, and by Millie's sister Mary Gled-
hill (Dowdle). Mrs. Dowdle writes: - ''When the
twins, Grace and Gladys, were born, Grace, a
large, blond Christensen baby, came first, not
long before midnight on 16 Feb. 1909. Two hours
later, 17 Feb. 1909, Gladys, atiny, sickly, dark
complexioned baby came. Millie, in her hysteria,
refused to own the second twin so the doctor put
her in my charge. I cared for this baby in my
room at home for two weeks and fed her with an
eye-dropper a combination of whiskey and some-
thing else which Dr. Hagan mixed up. Later Millie
was able to nurse both her babies and one other
baby who wasn't getting enough milk, Joseph's
and Roxie's Virgil.''

Grace writes: - ''My parents were proud and
happy with their enlarged family, four children
