Arthur 646

15th. (He came from Nevada and helped Millie
‘dispose of the Flat Canyon ranch. ) ,

''We stopped at Aunt Mary's (in Payson) and
had chili, She had an awful cold. Iwill send you
a check for Grace. Be sure her coat is sent insured
and right. There has been no bill from the hospital
yet. Guess I'll go crawl in bed with the boys to get
warm, It's lonesome tonight. Love - mother.
P.S. I received a nice long letter from Aunt Sarah
today, also from Edith, Elaine, Sherman, Bell and
Neil. And all of my Gunnison friends have written
or called,"

Grace was married less than a month after
her father's death, The Manti Messenger carried
the announcement: - 'Mrs. A, M. Christensen
announces the marriage of her daughter Grace to
Mr. Douglas Larsen of Salt Lake City, which took
place at Richfield, Tuesday Jan, 3rd (1933), Immed-
iately following the ceremony the newlyweds left for
a ten day visit in southern California. Grace is one
of Manti's popular young ladies, having been active
in the social life of our city. She is a graduate of
the High School and also Snow College, and for the
past number of years has been teaching at Gunnison.
Mr. Larsen is at present working for the State Road
Commission at Parawan, After March Ist the young
couple will make their home in Salt Lake City."

Millie stayed on keeping the hotel in Manti for
another three and a half years, with the help of
David and Max. ‘Then she decided to sell out and
move to Salt Lake City, where some of her older
children were then residing. She bought a home at
636 East 3rd South in Salt Lake. A letter to Gladys
about the last of April 1936 follows:-- ''Dear
Gladys: . . . Uncle Albert was down Saturday to
see me about my abstract of title, etc. We had it
all drawn up and thought it all ok, but their attor-
neys up there said it was not clear - no right of
way over the creek and some other flaws. He was
supposed to have gone to Salt Lake yesterday to
have it all fixed up. I expect a call anytime to go
to Salt Lake to close the deal. Can you go up and
take care of the house until school closes here? I
hate to take Max out of school and the home there
should have someone in it, I'll bring up bedding
