Bested LZ2

it is better that you were dead than be one of them,
No other Mormon shall ever set foot in this cottage,
I vow it!"' Karen, who had returned to her sewing
place meantime, could no longer pretend not to be
listening, so quietly plunging her needle in and out,
and spoke to her wrought up father, -- ''You can't
mean what you are saying, Far dear; surely all is
not so bad and Else will come to her senses by and
by. '' Then she turned to her sister in kindness, --
"You may sleep with me in my bed as you used to."'

Silence grew heavy in the room as all three
sat where they were for atime. Then Anders
blew his nose furiously, stood up, put more wood
on the waning fire, and went into his bedchamber
without another word or back glance. Karen too
got up, saying she would warm the bed first, and
taking Else's night valise from the corner went into
her bedroom, Else still sat there on the floor,
utterly dejected, hoping Mads would come soon.
It was too late now to expect Rudolph. Likely he
would come tomorrow, She doubted that she could
sleep for she was sure her thoughts would never
lie down and be quiet after all that had been said
to her, though there was a numbness about her as
if she herself were past thinking and feeling.
Finally Mads returned and came and sat in the
chair by her. He was gentler than she had expected
and she broke down and cried some. He patted her
arm as it lay onthe chair's arm, and told her the
outcome of his errand. "Ja, just a liquid promise.
that ran off so quickly'', Rudolph had said as he
took the ring back gladly enough, ''A bargain I am
well pleased to be rid of, with one who prefers
‘Mormon Elders' to my company. Else need not
worry about forgiveness or more about me either,
as I'll be off in the next coach for Kobenhaven
again. The Danish girls are prettier there !"' This
flippancy in Else's former suitor had put her
brother on the defense in her behalf, although they
both knew the unkind words spoken were only slap-
backs for hurt feelings or injured pride - who
could tell which?

Then Else told Mads how their father had
spoken to her, and wept again in the process. She
said she could not bear to stay there much longer
in the face of it and Mor's unhappiness too. She
