757 Byron Charles

seemed an unnecessary encumbrance, though he
put up with it. In the fifth grade he had whooping
cough real bad and was out part of the year. He
says it took him nine years to get out of the first
eight grades and he was lucky at that. His cousin
Melrose, a year younger, was in his same class
the last few years and was "pretty smart", Byron
attended first year High School and a good part of
Second in the old Gunnison High School building
and then one day in early spring of that second year,
a few weeks before they were to move into the new
high school building, he had an argument with one
of his teachers, an old maid. She insisted that he
make up some back work and he said he wouldn't
do it and quit school then and there - anyway he
was needed by his father for spring planting. He
never went back to school and from that time on
carried a full load on the farm.

Byron remembers attending Sunday School
and Sacrament meetings, and later MIA, but never
Primary. He didn't like Primary. His mother was
very active in the church, as were his two younger
sisters, His father was active also, as far as his
work would permit, and became Bishop of the
Hamilton Ward, Sometime after his mother's
death in 1927 he was approached by the man who
was then his Bishop, in a more or less casual
manner, about serving a mission for the church.
Byron made it known that he was not interested,

He was keeping company with a girl he liked and
contemplating marriage, although she didn't know
it. After a time they broke up, Then 11 Dec,

1929 his father married a widow with three child-
ren who lived in Redmond, This disturbed Byron
a great deal also. He wasn't long after that getting
word to the right parties that he wanted to serve a
mission,

He was called to go to South Africa, one of
the most distant missions of the church, After he
and his father had visited around in Gunni son,
Goshen, Provo and Salt Lake with various relative Ss,
he entered the Mission Home in Salt Lake City 10
Mar. 1930, He was going on twenty-six years of
age. He was set apart for his mission by Richard
R. Lyman and left by train for Chicago 20 Mar, at
