505 Andrew
man healthy, wealthy and wise !'

"Father died alone in a modest hotel room in
St. George, Oddly enough, 'twas in the same locale
where years prior he pioneered, organized and
established the school that became a very success-
ful church college, endearing himself to the rugged
and good people of that community. Traveling in
severe cold of that December, 1931, I arrived at
St, George about fifteen hours after father's pass-
ing. In the last moments of his life, despite com-
plications of pneumonia and diabetes, still he
bothered to wind his inexpensive time piece, I
remember well, I cried as I held the watch, know-
ing that so long as it ticked, a last bit of father's
tremendous energy still remained. Whether he
really died of a broken heart or was mercifully
taken in illness, Ido not know. But of one thing I
am certain, there still remained an unsubdued
determination and dignity about him to the end.
He was buried in the City Cemetery at Provo,
Utah 20 Dec. 1931.

"To do biographical justice to the life of our
father, Andrew ''B'' Christensen, would involve
an enormous amount of time. We have written
less than a hundredth part, I feel keenly that the
story of his life must be recorded realistically,
as well as in his defense. The most dominant
and consistent parts of the many phases of father's
life were his unusual drive and his fierce deter-
mination, He mastered, absolutely, many most
difficult skills, As an example: - In the early
twenties I listened to the spell-binding oratory
of William Jennings Bryan (no less) as he stood
on the front steps of the old Jesse Knight home
in Provo, Yet, by all methods of comparison, I
have heard my own father deliver some addresses
that out-classed Bryan's, Here's another example:--
In June, 1929, I returned from the German-Austrian
Mission, For thirty-one months my ears and tongue
had been accustomed to the sounds and pronuncia-
tions of the 'Deutsche Sprache (German language).
At the same time, I knew father's exposure to
German had been about nil for more than a decade
and I could hardly wait to test his supposed academic
knowledge of the language. When the opportunity
