lll Bested

"The good things I intend to do Ido not, but the
evil I didn't intend to do, I do,'' She wanted to do
the right thing, but how was one to know always?
One thing she did know for sure -- she wanted to
be baptised more than anything! But what of her
family? It would be impossible for her to face
them, after. She couldn't simply walk out of their
lives and never come back, could she? Then she
recalled the maid at the school -- she had almost
forgotten those at the High School, What would
they do? She had heard that men lost their jobs
and that their children were mistreated at school
because of joining the Mormons, (Perhaps it was
she herself she was thinking of more than her
family, as girls her age were apt to do.) She —
remembered some lines she had learned from
Shakespeare's ''Hamlet Prince of Denmark'';--
"There is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough
hew them though we may.'' What were her ends
to be - her destiny? The Elders had said so many
threw away their destinies for lack of courage,
"Ja, we are all weak, but we can be strong!"'

She heard herself saying those words, as she had
said them to her mother, months ago, So her
thinking and her days and nights worried on,
tormenting her until she felt at times that she
could hardly hold on to their endings,

Then it was announced by the brethren that a
special baptismal service was to be held the latter
part of the month and President Soren Jensen of
the Aalborg District was to visit Bested for that |
occasion, Several investigators from there and.
the surrounding villages were ready to be baptised,
and of course "the Lord is depending on Sister |
Else to be ready too,'' Sometimes God's ways
are so mysterious it is hard for one to understand
them; but again sometimes they are so plainto _
those who are sincerely seeking. At that moment
all Else Katherine's old, accumulated worries
flew away, for atime, and she was at peace,
"Why of course" - if the messengers of the Lord
said he was depending on her she would certainly
be baptised! No doubt she felt then somewhat as
Nephi, that great character from the Book of
Mormon, had felt when he said, "I will go and do
the things which the Lord has commanded, for I
