137 Kobberod

when the old king's cousin became King Christian
VIII, for he was middle-aged and had little fore-
sight. Christen apparently hadn't thought much
about marriage, or at least hadn't done anything
about it, until sometime after his twenty-seventh
birthday. But then he courted and won the hand
of the lovely Karen Lauritzen, youngest daughter
of the widow Marianne Jeppesen of the town of
Gettrup nearby. On 25 March 1845, when he
lacked four months of being twenty-eight and
Karen was eighteen and a half, the two were
married in the Parish Church at Gettrup, soon
after their engagement intentions had been duly
advertised by the Pastor there. Christen must
have sold or given up the family farm to his
younger and only living brother, Jens Christian,
then or soon after, for he took his bride to live
in the village of Kobberod, some five miles from
Flarup and half of that from Gettrup., Jens stayed
on in Flarup and likely ran the family farm and
kept a home for his mother and sisters, and sub-
sequently married a widow lady there. Christen
and Karen both had relatives in Kobberod and so
he bought a farm there and settled. He had built
that farm until it had become one of the richest
and best in the whole area and he was considered
one of the most successful farmers around, He
employed a number of laborers, both on the farm
and in the house. Aside from this he manufactured
farm implements on his place, for which he had
good market. He was a lover of thoroughbred
horses and owned a number, as well as his own
up-to-date and impressive carriage. He loved
sports and was a fine wrestler and jumper, as
well as being clever at horseshoes. He had
numerous friends and relatives in South Thy,
being well known and well respected withal. Yes,
Christen Christensen was a well-to-do, successful,
selfmade man, one might say, and besides had
fathered ten children and provided well for his
household.

The gentle Karen herself was a woman of
high intelligence and refinement, with a deep
spiritual nature. She had been born in Gettrup,
8 Sept. 1826, the youngest of the three children,
all daughters, born to Lauritz Jeppesen
