Elsie 580

graduated from that institution and received the
degree of Bachelor of Pedagogy. My diploma was
signed by Nelson Duesenberry, President of the
School Board, and Benjamin Ciuff, President of
the Academy.

"My first year of teaching school was at
Hinckley, Millard Co., Utah. The next two years
I taught at Centerfield, next to Gunnison, In the
winter of 1899/1900 I returned to B, Y. A. again,
at Provo, to further my education in literature,
taught by Alice Louise Reynolds; music, piano
and harmony under A, C. Lund; and religion
taught by George Reynolds, with special lectures
on the Bible and Book of Mormon given by Dr,
Whitney of Salt Lake City. While attending B. Y.A.
at this time I taught a class in Sunday School in the
Ward in which I lived and Emma Lucy Gates, who
later became famous as a singer, was in my class,
Miss Susan Talmage and I were counselors to
Mrs. Snow in M.1,A. that same year,

'The fall of 1900 I returned to teach school
in Centerfield again until May 1901. Then on 26
June 1901 Iwas married to Alma C, Bartholomew
of Fayette, Sanpete, Utah in the Manti Temple by
Temple President John D, T. McAllister, That
evening my parents gave us a very elaborate wedding
reception in their home in Gunnison, There were
one hundred invited guests, including four Bishops,
and a big supper was served to all, as was the
custom,

"The next day we went to Fayette and lived
with my husband's folks for nearly a year. Our
first son, Alma Owen, was born in an upstairs
bedroom of their home, 1 May 1902, both grand-
mothers being in attendance, my mother Else as
midwife and Alma's mother Eliza to care for our
needs, We moved from there to a Mellor house,
where our second son, Edgar, was born 20 Aug.
1903. Then we bought and remodeled the Brown
house in Fayette and here our next two sons were
born, Byard 2 Mar. 1905 and Clifton 24 Nov. 1906.

"In June 1907, when Clifton was just past six
months old, we bought a beautiful new red brick
home in Gunnison from Lafe Bown - and here we
