BS9 With Flags Flying

Then she would get out her quilting frames; she
nearly always had a quilt set up winter, s pring

and summer. Though she seemed to prefer com-
munity and church work to sewing and cooking, she
did plenty of these and did them well. And oh the
hundreds of pairs of black wool stockings she knit!

Christen's and Anne's children were also
growing up and getting married. Their oldest
and only daughter, Caroline, was wed that same
year, Friday, 3rd Nov. 1893, in Gunnison. Later
she went to the Manti Temple and was sealed to
her husband, John Jensen of Axtell. John was the
son of Josiah Sr, and Marie Madsen Jensen, some
of the first settlers of Axtell. John and Caroline
Settled in Axtell where he had a nice farm and
here all their children were born. The first, a
girl they named Annie Lillian, born 17 Feb. 1895,
later to become Mrs, Sidney Martin Peterson, who
has helped so much with this history, She md her
brother Alonzo Jensen, born 28 Dec. 1897, are
Still living. But Caroline had misfortune with her
children after that and lost first a girl and then
four boys, one after the other, the first four being
stillborn and the last only living long enough to
draw a breath. All five of these were of course
unnamed,

The year 1893 was not only an important one
for the Christensens but for the LDS Church as
well, At April Conference that year the glorious
Salt Lake Temple, which had been under construc-
tion for forty years, was dedicated. But the
temple had been thought of even before that when
on July 28, 1847, four days after the Pioneers
first entered Salt Lake Valley (and when Lauritz
Mathias Christian Christensen was six days old
we might add) President Brigham Young was walk-
ing over the barren ground of Salt Lake City with
Some of his associates, the site had been selected.
Wilford Woodruff became President of the Church
and as such had the privilege of offering the dedi-
catory prayer in behalf of the Salt Lake Temple,

6 Apr. 1893, The dedicatory services were
repeated almost daily until 24 April, thirty-one
meetings in all being held in honor of this great
