87 Norhaa

until long after that and small groups of men and
womien could be seen chatting together, while
love-sick couples strolled hand in hand or seated
themselves on comfortable benches in the parks
or by cottage doors, The nights were short and
light, but somewhat cool. Ona clear night one
could sometimes catch a glimpse of the "Northern
Lights", Pleasure boats cruised on lakes and _
fjords and in bays and harbors and huge sailing
vessels, at half speed, glided in and out of the
larger water ways.

In Norhaa the Andersen girls often sat long
together on the bench outside-their doorstep, the
older ones doing handwork for their brides-chest,
while Mads squatted near by whittling away with a
knife. They joked, laughed and chatted and told
of their plans for the future, Karen was now
employed in an embroidery shop but hoped to
attend the Folk High School ‘the coming winter, to
learn more of fine sewing and to spin and weave.
Mads for sure would be a teacher, but first he
must do farm work and save his money, then he ©
too would attend High School in'winter, Else was
undecided, the restless current of Viking blood»:
in her veins kept her uneasy, She’longed to see ©
more of the world. They had never been toa city
of any size at all, none of them, but only a few <.
miles north or south to visit relatives or east and
west for brief.excursions with their father; or on
picnics somewhere together, ‘What was it like in
Kobenhaven? Neither Far or Mor had ever been”
that far away, as peasant Danes traveled little -
then, especially those so removed from ‘the center
. of things in northwest Jutland, even the better
class ones, Sometimes in summer; between
planting and harvest, relatives frorn’both sides ~
came to see them, Else's godmother, Aunt Inger
Cathrine Christensdatter and her husband; Peter
Larsen, came that year, Their oldest son had
died that past winter but they brought their séven
other children with them. The two older girls
were spinsters and sorry for it, but Ann Margrete
was just Else's age and such good company,
Onkel Peter had a big black moustache that tickled
when he kissed her; he always. insisted on kissing
