Margaret Christensen 906

In those days, after leaving St, George,.
Utah, the road to California resembled a cow
trail more than it did a highway, We always
crossed the desert at night well supplied with gas
and water. Many times during the night Papa
awakened Lucile and me to help push the car
through the sand that had drifted over the road.
Even this did not dampen our spirits. To us this
was high adventure. During the night we crossed
Dry Lake, a large expanse of dried mud where
one could travel at the break-neck speed of thirty
or forty miles an hour. As we came to the edge of
the desert it was dawn and there was the most
beautiful sunrise. We found a quiet spot under a
stately Joshua tree and Papa cooked a most
delicious breakfast. The memory of the joy of
that morning has never faded. We proceeded to
our destination where we spent a most enjoyable

week in the mountains. From then on traveling
was in my blood!"

Margaret was just short of eleven and a half
years old when her father died. She and Lucile
were the only ones of the children left at home
with their mother at the time. Some time after-
wards the three of them went to live with the older
daughter of the family, Edythe Robbins, an arrange-
ment to benefit both families having been worked
out. Though Lucile did not remain long at the
Robbins' Margaret and her mother did. In fact
this became Margaret's home until she married.

Margaret's schooling was all obtained in Salt
Lake City. She graduated from South Side High
School in 1936. She attended the University of
Utah the winter of 1936/37 and the next fall began
her nurses training at the LDS Hospital, where she
graduated in June 1940 with her R.N. degree, after
which she continued to work at the hospital.

She was married 20 Dec. 1940 in the Salt Lake
Temple to Richard Paul Adams (b. 10 May 1918 in
Salt Lake City to Paul and Florence Eatough Adams).
Paul had attended West Side High School where he
was an outstanding scholar and achieved in sports.
He was in pre-med at the University of Utah at the
time of their marriage and continued on until he
had spent two years and two quarters in pursuit of
