Norhaa 80

abundance, presents, and much celebrating and
merriment all around, as well as worshiping in
the church, with many candles lit. There were
lanterns hung at every cottage door in welcome,
garlands of scented boughs hung round inside and
vines of potted house plants traveling over windows
and walls; with the Yule log set to burning on the
hearthstone. The eve before Christmas was the
happiest time of the whole Yuletide, but especially
for the young ones. At 4 p.m. onDec. 24th, all
businesses and shops closed in the villages and
everybody went home from there. Farm laborers
and house servants were sent home, if they had
homes; otherwise they gathered with the families
of their employers, Then came the big Yule feast
in every cottage, which had been made ready
beforehand. Roasted goose stuffed with apples

and prunes was the favorite, but duck or pork and
Sausage might be had instead. There were always
potatoes, yellow-root (carrots) sweet-and-sour
red cabbage, coffee, tea, beer and all; besides the
"rice mush" or pudding, with an almond hidden in
it - anyone getting the almond won a prize. A bowl
of this was always set out on the doorstep for the
Yule Missen (Christmas elves) who brought the
presents. Then there were platters of Danish

pastries and other goodies and a wonderful wreath-
cake, to remind one of the crown of thorns.

Afterwards there was the large Yule tree in
the very center of the biggest room, with every-
thing hung on it; strings and strings of small paper
flags, little bags of nuts, miniature cookies and
homemade candy of almond paste - one could
hardly name all that was put on. Then came
reading from the Holy Bible about the Christ Child
and the manger-crib, and children thought of all
the little lambs and friendly animals about, Next
came the circling of the tree, with all the family,
young and old, joining hands and singing Yuletide
hymns. Finally all danced around the tree and
ended with a funny song for the little ones, and
that was the signal to break-hands. Then what a
cry went up until the cottage almost shook with
children's voices:--''Presents Mor - presents -
presents - where are the Yule Missen gifts?"

And Mor would hurry out and then bring in a big
