737 Ellen Elaine

old Father bought a lovely Baldwin piano, which
my son Richard has now, Until marriage separated
us, Virginia and I played and sang duets and put on
numerous skits for programs. Ihad to be prodded
to keep at my piano practicing, but did manage to
play in several recitals. The first I remember
was when I played 'Scarf Dance'; Virginia played

a violin solo. The last was on Aug. 25, 1918 when
I played 'Rustle of Spring'. I could play for hours
to amuse myself, entertain others and accompany
some, In 1935 I went on Fred Graham's Lyceum
‘Bureau program tour as a reader and as an accom-
panist for Lowell Hicks, Marimbaphonist,

"Singing was more to my liking. Florence
Jepperson Madsen gave Virginia and me private
lessons for several years while we were at school
in Provo. She offered us many opportunities in
choruses, operas, duets and solos. Years later
I took from Richard Condie when I joined the Salt
Lake Tabernacle Choir as alto No. 29. While
teaching music in Cedar Junior and Senior High,

I wrote and directed my own opera, I have always
been a member of some musical group and for
several years sang the contralto solos in Handel's
Messiah, both in Cedar City at Christmas time and
in Zion's Park Easter pageants, Ihave had three
songs published; one, 'The Lions Roar' has been
the official Cedar City Lion's Club song since
about 1940, Many unpublished ones are gathering
dust in my piano bench.

"Drama! Ah, there was my heart. Secluded
in the Blue Room in Manti when I was young, I
could be anyone I wanted to be, as my mirror
could testify since I emoted in front of it through
many dramatic experiences. Itook part in most
of the plays and operettas in public school. In
Sixth Grade, how I loved 'A Dream of Fairyland’.
I would have liked to be dressed in tinsel and
gauze as Virginia and the rest of the good fairies
were, but I was better suited as a leader of the
bad elfin band, trying to coax two little children
to go astray.

"In college I took leads in quite a few
productions: Priscilla, Great Divide, Old Lady 31,
The Country Boy, The Gondaliers, and others. I
