Emigration 56

like dirt-under-feet, not only by ruffians but by”
neighbors, former friends, and sometimes even
one's very own flesh and blood as well? And this,
merely because one desired to worship as he chose.
So emigrate one must, if only to assuage one's
pride; but mostly to find peace and security for
oneself and family among people of good will. Even
though the mortality rate of some of the companies
crossing to Zion was high, particularly when the
dreaded disease of cholera attacked, that was a
chance one had to take, ''Zion'' was for the perse-
cuted, and the promise of it beckoned like a great
light to the Scandinavian Saints and thousands of
them decided to "follow the gleam" there.

By 1860 there were 4,416 members in that
northern mission; 1, 107 were new that year and
240 had gone over to Zion. In 1861 baptisms rose
to 1,954 and around 1, 000 emigrated; 1,977 souls
were baptised in 1862 and no less than 1, 556 in
four different companies left for the ''Valley of
the Mountains'', During 1863 new converts
totaled 1,587 and emigration was set at 1,458.
The branches and conferences of the LDS church
in Denmark, and her sister kingdoms, were being
impoverished by the emigration of these stalwart
members, while the little kingdom of Denmark was
being drained of some of her finest blood.

In the beginning of 1864 war, which had been
threatening for some time between Denmark on
one side and Prussia and Austria on the other,
broke out and on Feb, Ist the armies of those two
powerful German States crossed the Danish border
into Jutland and the war was on over the age-old
controversy about Slesvig and Holstein. It was
an unhappy experience for the Saints in Jutland
and elsewhere in Denmark too. Among the Danish
brethren subject to military duty were a number of
young LDS missionaries who were immediately
forced to take up arms in the fight; a few, however,
were able to hurriedly emigrate before they were
drafted. Thus many of the best native Elders
were torn from their fields of labor and the work
of the few others who remained was suspended in
some measure, In the Island of Fyen (Funen) the
American missionaries had a hard time because
