433 Wyoming Interiude

statement that it was 'no worse for a man to be
burned out than to be eaten out and by reason of |
Christensen eating him out he had lost about twelve
hundred head of sheep''. Other suspicious state-
ments were reported, but no one could really find
out the motive and as the truth was hidden and thus
unknown, rumors flew to take its place. |

The testimony of Uinta County Sheriff Lowhan
backs up the statements Louis had made:-- "I
heard of the trouble the day I was called there the
first time. It was about the 25th. Christensen
came in and told me about it and said someone had
attempted to burn him out by throwing a wick or
rags on the roof. He told me about a letter but
that it had been destroyed. I did not go up until
the time he was supposed to have shot someone.
Imet County Attorney Mathews at Lyman and went
to investigate the attempted burnings. When I got
west of the place the shooting was alleged to have
taken place, Mathews and Christensen joined me
and Christensen showed me the east and the south
side of his house where burning attempts had been
made. It was burned in both places and through.
the shingles in one. He showed me the remnants .
of the torch; it looked like pieces of old drawers,
charred and nearly all ashes.

"The house is a three-room frame house
about twenty by sixteen feet. It faces east.
There is a hill behind it to the west. He showed
me where he stood when he shot. He was up on the
ditch bank to the west. I saw where a man had
fallen on the brush and left imprints'of corduroy
in the mud, but the brush was broken down and [
could not measure his tracks on account of the
rain, It had rained all night but the tracks did
show that horses had come to where the man was
lying. There were two tracks came up to him and
I could measure those tracks, We followed them
to the road and then they went towards Lyman,
They came off from the hill towards Lyman.
There was no blood to be found anywhere along
there to indicate that the man might have been
wounded. On this trip I deputized L. _D. Christen-
sen and left him there."

It is easy to see how these threats aroused
