Dreams Come True 394

But Laurs and Else were not the only ones
from the Mormon state who were traveling to Den-
- mark at the time. President Joseph F. Smith, ‘his
wife and son and Presiding Bishop Charles W,
Nibley, his wife and two daughters, had arrived
in Copenhagen July 27th and were in the process
of visiting many of the various branches in the
Mission, including the one at Aalborg. They were
being accompanied by Andrew Jenson, then Presi-
dent of the Mission. These brethren from Zion
spoke to capacity audiences wherever they visited
and Brother Jenson showed slides and pictures of
outstanding places in Mormondom, It was a most
successful missionary venture on the part of these
brethren, according to former Church Historian,
Andrew Jenson, and the Danish and Norwegian
newspapers published many favorable comments
on the same, although there were others who railed
against them, This was said to be the first time in
history that either a President or a Presiding
Bishop of the L. D, S. Church had visited in _
Scandinavia. :

The publicity given these L. D. S, Authorities
doubtless made it somewhat easier for Laurs, in
his kind way, to try and open up friendly conversa-
tions on the subject of religion, as if the way had
been paved by a higher power. Nevertheless, even
though Jutland Danes were seldom silent and usually
began each sentence with a "Ja" or a 'Nej" and
ended each question with an ''eh'') yet when the
Gospel and its principles were mentioned there
were never any "Jas", '"Nejs!'-or "ehs'', only
silence. So how in the world could Laurs, Else
or anyone else tell what was on their minds then?

It was a bit discouraging to the would-be missionaries,

Yet the welcome given the two by Else's
people was warm and sincere in every other respect;
and who can say no sparks of truth were lighted
there? © After a few days of it in Thorsted, Laurs
and Else were on their way again, going south
from Thisted by train to visit numbers of other ©
relatives, as Else wrote in her notebook:-- ''Came
to Hurup on 9th Aug. to Salmon Sorensen's my
brother Mads' daughter Valborg's place; came to
Christen ''Flarups" the 10th of Aug. A.M, at
