701 Christian LeRoy

knew everyone. My first husband and I lived in
McGill from soon after our marriage in 1929 until
he died, except for two years in Fillmore, Utah.

I had three sons, five, seven and nine, when Roy
and I were married. He has been a good husband
and a wonderful father. He deserves much credit.
My boys love him very much and remember no
other father, since their own father died when
they were pretty young. Our own son, Christian
LaVell, was born in McGill the early part of 1940.

"We are pretty proud of our boys, they have
given us little trouble. The oldest is a heavy-duty
mechanic in Salt Lake City; the second is a sales
manager in Salt Lake; the third has graduated
from medical school at the University of Utah and
is now doing his intern; and Chris, as we call our
youngest, is now working in electronics in Rich-
land, Washington. We have four lovely daughters-
in-law and many beautiful grandchildren. Roy
himself works for the Kennecott Company here
in McGill as a pipefitter. He hopes to retire
when he is sixty-eight (1969).

"We own our own home in McGill, a duplex,
live in one side and rent the other. We both enjoy
good health except for a little arthritis. Roy used
to enjoy fishing and hunting but doesn't do much of
that any more, since he gets short winded when he
walks very far. He enjoys working in the yard and
flowers. We don't do much traveling as we try to
avoid traffic and big crowds. We have made several
trips to Los Angeles and San Diego, several to
Reno, Carson City, Virginia City, and to Piermont
Lake in Nevada. We have also visited Yellowstone
Park, Capitol Reef in southern Utah, and Lake
Tahoe. : :

"Like Roy's, my father's parents were emi-
grants from Denmark who came to Zion for the
Gospel. My father, Ove Ernstsen, also born in
Denmark, is still living at 86 and has his own
home in Salt Lake City. His father lived to be 90.
There were eleven children in our family, nine
girls and two boys. Nine are still living. I myself
was born 30 Dec. 1910 in Loa, Utah and moved to
Salt Lake when I was fourteen. I attended Granite
High School there but quit in my third year and
