183 Westward

became enveloped in a dense fog and Captain
Brown turned to a more southerly course. in order
to steer clear of the danger from iceburgs, The
weather grew worse and continued bad. The heavy
fog was accompanied by continuous headwinds and
the sea became angry and often sent the ship
careening back and forth in a frightening manner,

As the weather worsened, Karen grew worse
also as well as weaker. Laurs Myrup and the other
Elders administered to the prostrate woman time
and time again; but though they blessed her, they
made no promise of her recovery. Christen sat
by his wife's bedside in misery at her suffering
and Laurs, Maren and others hovered near, but
it was’ the capable Else. who cared for the cour-
ageous and patient woman's need§, and it was
Christen and Else she clung to in her most fearful
moments. Karen seemed aware at times that she
‘was slipping away, and begged to live - to reach
the ''Land of Zion" - to raise heryoung: daughters -
to see her son Christen again. ‘Occasionally she
called for her little girls to be nearbher, but when
allowed, they went away frightened and tearful at
the sight of her woeful face. Sometime s, in her
delirium, she became as wild as the storm-tosséd
sea and called upon heaven to save them all‘from
a watery grave.

In Andrew Jenson’s personal manuscript
history appeared this brief account of Karen's
death: -- "Saturday 23 June 1866 - A regular
windstorm prevailed from the west. The wife of
Christen Christensen died and was buried at sea
with much solemnity. (Mrs, Christensen had been
in delicate health for some months and the long
voyage was too strenuous for her. )!' In his pub-.
lished autobiography we tind this entry (page 14):
-- 'The death of Sister Christensen called forth
much sympathy, as she and her husband had been
mo st liberal with their means in assisting their
poor co-religionistS to emigrate."" From writings
of a granddaughter of Karen, Elsie C. Bartholo-
mew, we find a little about her burial, quote:

‘Her burial at sea, the same day as her death,
was periormed as was the custom of such in those
days, Her corpse was sewed into a canvas sack
