767 Myrtle Ivy

MIA dances for about a year, Ihave also done a
lot of lovely handwork over the years. In summers
we lived at the ranch in Wyoming or over in the
summer home in Weber Canyon, which ranch we
called 'The Weber'",

These lovely summers on the ranches in
Wyoming and Utah came to an end for Ivy and
others.of their family, with the exception of Pearl,
when their father met with his death on the ranch
in Wyoming, 5 Oct. 1917, from an accident a few
days earlier. When word of their father's accident
reached Salt Lake City, Ivy's mother left Ivy, then
lacking a month of being thirteen, in charge of her
two younger brothers, eight and five-and-a-half,
while she rushed to the side of her dying husband.
A kind neighbor kept an eye on them the several |
days their mother was gone. This was indeed a
time of heartbreak for the bereft family.

Ivy continues: "I was married when nineteen
years of age, 29 Oct. 1923, in Salt Lake City to
Melvin Glen Campbell (born 3 Oct. 1904 in Salt
Lake City to Robertson Sim and Agnes Hind Napier
Campbell), I have worked most of my married life
so have had little time for other things outside of
that and raising a nice family, two girls and one
boy. A third girl and our last child died the day
of birth, unnamed, I worked for Auerbach's and
the Paris. Department Stores for two years and
then, during World War Il, I worked at the Rem-
ington Arms Plant for a year... Since then I have
worked at Snelgrove's Ice Cream Store for some
twenty-three years and am still employed the re
at the present time. ,

"My husband has been » employed by’ the City
here in Salt Lake most of our married life except
for one year (abt. 1932) when we lived’in Los °
Angeles, California; up until the time he suffered
his. heart attack and stroke 9 Nov, 1966. The road
. to recovery has been a slow old road to follow. He
has made more than one-trip to the hospital since
then. He isn't working but has really been blessed
since he got out of the hospital the last time. He
gets really tired of doing nothing. With spring
coming, however, I'm sure he can keep busy and
will feel even better. It isn't good to be idle and
