Prophecies Fulfilled 414

the same time. A little later the sister Elvena
took up 320 acres of land adjoining Louis’ property
and Andrew filed on 160 acres nearby. In fact,
each piece of property adjoined that of another
member of the family, making it quite a tract of
land in their joint possession, Earlier Chris had
named his place ''The Oasis" - so the Oasis it was
for all. a

Previously Chris had built a nice barn on his
land, with stalls for eight horses and pig pens and
a chicken coop and fixed places for hay and grain
stacks. Now he had a four-room frame dwelling
built on the dividing line between his and his daugh-
ter Pearl's newly acquired property, with two rooms
on her side and two rooms on his, with a pantry and
clothes closets too, This house was completed the
forepart of March 1916. In the meantime Louis was
making improvements on his place, putting up
fences and having a three-room log and frame house
built for his family. They were also having a two-
room house and attic built on Elsie's property to
house them and satisfy homesteading requirements,
Sometime later a two-room log cabin with an attic
was built on the sister Elvena's piece of land. A
well on Chris' place, though salty, supplied water
for the animals, but drinking water for the various
families had to be hauled in large barrels from a
spring in White Sand Hills about two miles east of
The Oasis,

On 27 March 19l6a grand exodus took place
from Gunnison, Utah, involving Elsie and her three
boys and two little girls and Florence and her six
children, now including her second daughter, little
two year old Alice Fern. Elvena must have also
gone along to help with the children, though she
had not yet applied for her land in Wyoming. The
night before the whole crew slept at sister Emma's,
for she lived within a mile of the depot, and that
morning they all boarded the train and headed for
Lyman, Wyoming. Louis must have come long
enough to help them move and Chris and his older
boys, Elmer and LeRoy, must have been on the
other end of the line to see that they all got out to
The Oasis safely, And since Louis' house was
not yet finished, nor Elsie's either, Pearl
