29 Way of War

from the Swedes. The main battle started off the
dark winter morning of 4th Dec. 1676 with the
cavalry forces of both armies rushing against
each other, It lasted allday, and that evening,

as rain drizzled down and darkness fell, almost

9, 000 Danish and Swedish corpses lay stretched
out in the muddy fields. It was a war of senseless
havoc and destruction and the Scanian provinces
were completely devastated. (These people were
of the Danes own.) The Danes won at sea as usual
but lost on land, and Sweden retained Scania.
(Would the Danes then never learn?) Legend has
it that from that day on Christian V had the windows
of Kronborg Castle in Elsinor, which faced Scania,
blocked up; he was unable to bear looking out
across the water toward the green coast of the
Danes' lost land.

When the American colonies wrote their
Declaration of Independence and started the
American Revolution, Christian VII (1766-1808)
had been on the Danish throne for ten years, but
he was quite incapable of ruling, Less than
seventeen when he took the crown, he was slight
of build and it soon became apparent that he was
slightly mad too. (It is said that his chamberlain
was no doubt largely to blame--he believed in
using a firm hand and had cowed the young Prince
by beating him.) His personal physician moved
himself up in the government, post by post, until
he gained absolute power and held the King in the
hollow of his hand, as it were. But the doctor was
finally condemned to death by popular demand. At
this time the Dano-Norwegian fleet was strong and
trading excellent. Slesvig and Holstein were under
Danish control, but relations with England were at
low ebb and war with Russia was threatening.
Denmark's industry was awakening and the famous
Royal Copenhagen Porcelain factory was founded.
Intellectual life unfolded; art, painting, drama,
poetry, all came to the fore, Danes re-discovered
the beauty of their ancient Nordic past and wrote of
gods and goddesses and of love of their country.

A spirit of nationalism grew and blossomed, One
of the popular songs of the day was written by a
Holstein bard:- ''Let me rejoice that Danish blood
within my veins doth flow''--and Danes everywhere
