397 Dreams Come True

Then Laurs and Else must have written
Andrew and Sarah at 81 Coroly (or Corohy) road,
Oxford, England (the address was in Else's note-
book) to inform them that they would be returning
to Thisted in Jutland the forepart of October and
to meet them there then, and, according to cousin
Ehythe's history, this is what Andrew and his
family did:-- 'Sometime in late fall we left the
idyll of Oxford for the province of Thisted, Den-
mark - home of our paternal ancestors, The route
was via the North Sea. It was only an over-night
trip but, from the moment movement began in the
hold of the ship until sometime after landing, I
experienced the sensation of having my head lifted
from my body, then of being woosily dropped from
a very high place, Again, mother, Sheldon and I
took to our beds and stayed there, From the port
of landing we traveled by train and ferry. The
ferry boats were usually constructed with railway
ties and holds sufficient to load the train intact on
the boat, passengers and all, ferry it across and
then release the train to speed on its way until the
process was repeated again.

"We found father's parents with the relatives,
as per schedule, Idon't know how much genealogy
had been accumulated by Grandfather and Grand-
mother but all attempts to interest the relatives in
the Gospel were foiled. They were adament. The
"red carpet'' was extended and kept bright as long
as ''Mormonism!'' was kept under cover. We were
dined and plied with extra refreshments until
mother finally cried "halt!" She could take no
more rich pastries nor cream thickened hot choco-
late (substitute for coffee), and pled for watered-
down milk and plain crusts of bread.

"At last relatives and our beloved grand-
parents were bidden a fond adieu as father headed
his little family toward Germany and school, From
Copenhagen we went by water to Hamburg, then by
train to the capitol, Berlin. Kaiser Wilhelm II was
then in his prime. Father arranged a visit to the
Berlin palace and a parade of the Kaiser's goose-
stepping troops - the elite guard - in review.

These fairly gleamed in their bright uniformed,
white-gloved spit and polish. At the entrance of
