635 Arthur

Grace writes of one of these: -- 'We were all
together for our parents! Silver Wedding anniver.-
sary, Feb. 3, 1929, The hotel was full of friends
from all over. Melrose pulled a real surprise,
He and Reva Giles, who had been married two days
before, unknown to any of us, chose this time and
place to make their announcement. The hat was
passed and they started off on their honeymoon.
Wesley and Leola Burraston were married a few
months later. Both boys met their wives in
Dividend, "

Grace continues: -- ''Il often looked at my
mother and thought of the wonderful job she was
doing as manager of the hotel there in Manti.
Many times I marveled at her - truly a beautiful
woman, with warm brown eyes and classic fea-
tures. My father too was a handsome, honest and
kind man. He was the smallest of the Christensen
brothers, being of about average height but taller
than mother. I feel sad at times to think that they
were separated so much in their later years of
marriage."

Arthur was still working at Trout Creek in
November of 1931, as a letter written 5 Nov. 1931
by Max, then eleven, indicates, among other things.
It was written to Gladys who was then working in
Salt Lake and read as follows: -- ''Dear Gladys,
how are you? Jam fine and so is the rest of the
family. We had a surprise today - Dad came home.
He is alright although he said he had.a little pain
in his neck. Mother has dozed off to sleep in
her chair; Daddy is taking a bath; Jack Burns is
sitting listening to the radio. I don't know where
Dave is right now but I guess he will be home Soon.
He and I have been playing with paper airplanes
tonight and having a lot of fun. Dave is going back
out with Dad to help pick feathers off the turkeys
for a couple of weeks. I wish I could go too.
Daddy says next time he comes home he will bring
us a lot of pinenuts. He says he likes the new boy
out there and that he sure is a good worker. Jack
Burns is still playing the radio. It seems it is.
about nine o'clock and soon time for Amos and
Andy. . .'' This letter was written on stationery
bearing the heading: "Eagle Hotel - Mrs. A. M,
