United Order 274

never did. However, years later, during the con-
struction of the Denver and Rio Grande railroad
through Utah, when the project was proceeding
across the desert east of Price, Utah, Jim Paulson
gave the long-kept secret away. He was working
on the railroad there with Albert's father, Laurs,
and one evening around the campfire asked the
older man what ever happened to his son Albert
who was nearly drowned in Twelve Mile Creek.
When Laurs showed great surprise, the whole
story was divulged to him and later through him
to Else. )

Education in those early days in Utah was not
compulsory. Citizens in each city, town or village
handled the problem of educating their children in
their own way. Education of their children, how-
ever, was one of the first interests of most pioneer
parents, With Else Christensen this was particu-
larly true, and she taught her own children herself
at her knee until other schooling was available -
ahd even afterwards, Her deep interest in the
culture and training of the mind carried over into
the lives of most of her sons and daughters. It
wasn't until the family joined the Order and moved
to North Mayfield that Christian and Andrew started
school. However, both had been so well taught by
Else in the home that when they were ready for
school they were in their ''advanced readers",
Martha Hansen, wife of Simon, took the Order-
children into her home and gave them their first
school there, It wasn't until after the United
Order was abandoned that the teaching of children
was held other than in private homes in Mayfield.
Joseph must have started school first in New
London (or South Mayfield) the fall of 1877, also
in a private home, for it wasn't until 1878 that a
rock building 35 x 23 feet was erected there on the
northwest corner of the public square for school,
church and all public gatherings. Albert told of
his first educational training outside the home
thus:-- 'I started District school in Mayfield in
the fall of 1878, when five years old. (He turned
six in December.) My first teacher was Gus M.,
Clark and school was held in the meeting house."
