725 Ruth Ellen

of Annie Gledhill, sister of the other Bishop
Joseph Christensen. When Ellen Maxine, our
second child, was six weeks old we rented and
moved into the home I had grown up in. She
caught cold and it developed into bronchial asthma,
We have raised her on prayer since then but she
still isn't well.

"After four children the doctor said I wasn't
able to have any more. On Dec. 7, 1937 I had
triple surgery in Salt Lake City and a little over
one year and three months after that our lovely
daughter, LaDon was born, On 25 Oct, 19481
had triple surgery again and on 9 Mar. 1966 I had
another major operation - so now I should be in
fine shape,

"We lived in Sterling, Utah for awhile and
while there I taught sewing in the three older pri-
mary grades in the local school for two years, to
prepare them for High School in Manti, the first
year without pay. Itaught sewing two years here
in San Diego one day a week, under the direction
of the Adult Education program, and turned my
check over to the Ward Bishop for our building
fund project. I did alterations in a dress-making
shop here for several years, long enough to-earn:
‘Social Security.

"T have taught in M.I.A. and Relief Society
(Theology) and been a Relief Society Work Coun-
selor. My latest service was eighteen months as
a Sunday School teacher while Frank was in the
Sunday School Superintendency. Our son Duane ©
has worked with the Scouts for years. His wife,
Jean, is now Primary president, after having
served eight years as Sunday School Coordinator,
Our daughter Maxine's health does not permit
much activity but her children are all active in
the church, Garth Joseph in 1950 was all-star
softball pitcher for the church and brought the
trophy back to our then-new Ward. Since then he
has been Y,M.M.1.A. president, Branch presi-
dent, a Stake High Councilman, ona Stake mission
and inthe Stake Mission presidency and had many
other responsibilities in the church. He is now
bishop of his Ward in Escondido, Calif. His wife
Joan used to teach Seminary, then served on the
