887 Lucile Christensen

Kathryn had spent a summer in Mexico earlier
(1959) at the language school there and Barbara,
not wanting a foreign trip, had gone to the Hill
Cumorah Pageant. Upon completion of Susan's BA
and my Masters degrees, she received a teaching
assistantship in Freshman English and I received
a full time contract as an instructor of Humanities
at BYU (1967). George Sheldon went back to school
following his mission and now plans to complete a
PhD in comparative literature with an emphasis in
languages, He now is doing advanced studies in
Latin, German and Norwegian; to these he will add
French, Italian and Greek, in addition to Old
Saxon, Gothic and French, He then hopes to teach
at BYU. Indeed, we are a school family, busy and

happy.

"Now (1969) all three daughters are married
and busy raising their families, George Sheldon
was just married, George F, has been specializing
in genealogy work at BYU in order to become
accredited - and he loves it. He is serving as
East Provo Stake Mission President, At present
Tam serving as his companion in this stake mission,
Since living in Provo I have also served as Relief
Society teacher, counselor in East Provo Stake
MIA, and as a decorating consultant on the East
Provo Stake Center, The sacred commitment that
I made so long ago in Dayton is a life-long promise
which I intend always to remember and honor. As
a family we look forward with anticipation to many
wonderful busy years in worthwhile activities and
responsibilities,"'

Descendants of Lucile Christensen and George
Franklin Tate: --

(A) Kathryn Tate born 30 Dec, 1939 in Dayton,
Ohio; md, 16 Aug. 1962 in Manti, Utah (Temple)
Brent Lamarr Gledhill (b. 27 Mar. 1939 in
Sacramento, Calif, to Albert Myron and Mary
Jane Briggs Gledhill). Children:

I, Jon Barton Gledhill b. 12 July 1963
It. James Brent Gledhill b. 27 Aug. 1964
Ill, Joseph Bartholomew Gledhill b. 19 Sep. 1966

(B) Barbara Tate born 4 Dec, 1941 in Dayton, Ohio;
md, 10 Aug. 1967 in Salt Lake City, Utah (Temple)
