379 Destiny Takes a Hand

Elvena cannot read my letters for then it would be
her rather than you that I wrote to. Dear Aunt, if
it really should come true that you will visit us
next Summer how happy we will be! We will treat
you as good as we can in every way - but cannot
cousin Elvena come with you? I think it would be
nice for you too if she did and we would look for-
ward to that very much, You write that she just
turned twenty-two. I turned twenty-five on the
second of April. This must be the time we cele-
brate birthdays, Tell dear, good Anders ‘hello!
for us many times and congratulate him on his
little children, Wasn't it his oldest son who passed
away? Dear friends, if it just hadn't been so far
between us then maybe there could have been a
possibility for me to visit you for I still have a
desire to get out, really out and try and see what
I can amount to. Maybe my opportunity will come
someday. Mother is well - she can do things her-
self, Father will turn seventy-four on the first of
September, He has good health too so I should
really take the opportunity to get away now,
Receive, all of you, the most loving greetings
from your niece and cousin - Maren Skaarup.

Tornely, Den. 17 Apr. 1909"

"Dear Aunt Else: ,

"Now that mother is planning on writing you
I would like to send along some word too. Yes,
you must come next summer for sure, and couldn't
Elvena come too? You say that youa re thinking of
letting your son Louis have your home in Gunnison,
then I guess Elvena could come with you and you
could close the house you have now. Uncle Svend's
family is up here in Thy now. As you know, they
are going to live out at Thorsted. Ihave been
working in an embroidery shop in Thisted for
fifteen months, I finished my apprenticeship in
January and have been working for wages since.
I shall now, this May, go to Salling High School
for the months of May, June and July as a student
and to help with sewing classes at the school. The
pay is 40 Kr, besides the tuition,

"There is going to be a big Festival in Aarhus
this summer which will start in May. It said in
