733 Ellen Elaine

years at the Armory) and fireworks at our place
afterwards completed the long, satisfying day.
The Twenty-Fourth always seemed quite anti-
Climatic, except that I associated it with Chris-
tensen family reunions held on Grandfather
Christensen’s birthday, July twenty-second and
often extending to the Twenty-Fourth.

'T don't remember too much emphasis being

placed on our church going although we were
encouraged to attend Sunday School. I don't
remember our parents going with us but they must
have gone to Church in the afternoons. My bap-
tism into the church, which took place 5 Sep. 1911
in the Manti Temple, came after almost a year of

Quince Crawford baptized me at

procrastination.
i,

that time and Niels Anderson confirmed me.
recall going to Mutual occasionally on Sunday
evenings and that Virginia and J sang in the Ward
choir when we were quite young. Perhaps I was

the one who didn't go to church much, but I had

the same childlike faith in my Heavenly Father

that I did in Santa Claus and my earthly father. 1
was somewhat in awe of the first two but I wanted
to do the things that would please each. I knew

that each had unquestioned powers to grant the
desires of people who believed. Through the years,
I think I can count the times on the fingers of one
hand that I haven't knelt in nightly petition. The
last words we heard after kissing our parents
'goodnight' were, "Good night - hope you sleep

well - don't forget to say your prayers. ' Hell
wasia very real and burning place to me-with all
the everlasting tortures of old world beliefs, but:
Lhad faith that prayer would keep me out of ‘it.

itwhen mother was So ill and I heard doubts
of her living, I went about my days smugly, know-
ing that J had prayed with all my heart that God

would heal her and I was sure he would, as he
. faithful children. When

answered the prayers of

I heard the news of her death, I felt lost and
cheated and began to question a Father who pro-
mised one thing and gave another. I was in Heber
City at the time, staying at Aunt Retta's home. I
can still feel against my bare legs the rough boards

of the box in the Chicken COOP where J sat most of
