Florence LaFaun 718

"T worked for the U. S. Government between
ten and eleven years in the Adj-General's office
and in nearly all departments of the Veteran's
Administration regional office. Ithen acted as
medical secretary at the LDS Hospital for eight
and a half years and as medical secretary super-
visor during seven of those years, interviewing
and training medical secretaries, taking doctors’
dictations and taking full charge of thirty dictating
machine stations, etc. I then became medical
secretary for the Primary Children's Hospital for
two years, retiring from there 30 Dec. 1966,"

LaFaun bought a nice home in Bountiful and
moved there about the time of her retirement, Her
children were all married, with some of them living
in Bountiful. The habits of a lifetime could not be
discarded; LaFaun became Ward organist and
Junior Sunday School chorister in the Bountiful
Val Verda Ward, She had an opportunity to go back
to work at the LDS Hospital so she sold her home
in Bountiful after a year to one of her sons and
moved back to Salt Lake City into a small condo-
minium, buying her own apartment there on Vine
Street just north of the Salt Lake Temple. She
went often to the Temple.

Having been divorced for many years from
her husband and father of her six children, Ben
Slagowski, LaFaun was married in the Salt Lake
Temple 16 May 1968 to a widower with two grown
daughters, Willis Little Jacobson (b. 25 July 1897
in Colonia Diaz, Chihuahua, Mexico to James and
Harriet Little Jacobson), Willis has served
several missions in Mexico and is an ardent temple
worker and genealogist. They moved to his home
in West Jordan but kept her apartment on Vine
Street. LaFaun directed a presentation of 'The
Creation" not long afterwards and then left for a
trip to Europe, We received a card from her dated
in Zurich, Switzerland 16 June 1968, with a mess-
age as follows:- ''Dear Folks: Have been to London
and tried out the Hyde Park organ; also having a
copy of my great-grandmother's marriage certifi-
cate sent to me from Somerset House, Toured
Holland - Amsterdam is the largest seaport in the
world - enjoyed it more than Pearl Harbor in
