869 Phillip Van Buren

of the most wanted fugitives
I recall a most interesting
the theft of something

"Mad Dog Horan’, one
on the list of the FBI.

bank robbery case involving
over $100, 000.00 from two messengers from the

Hollywood State Bank taking money out to the Lock-
heed Aircraft Company. For a month Director
Hoover was in Los Angeles on this case, The
bandits were finally apprehended and most of the
money recovered, being dug up from a grave at

the Sawtelle Military Cemetery. This case was
written up in the July 1957 issue of Reader's Digest.

"IT took and passed the Californi
ation, I resigned from the Bureau in October 1945
and returned to Utah to practice law with my father,
my brother Sherman, and subsequently my younger
brother Cullen, At that time our firm was known
as Christensen & Christensen. After Sherman was
appointed Federal District Judge in Utah and Father
retired, Joseph Novak, Fred R. Paulson and Thomas
S. Taylor joined the firm, Novak subsequently
withdrew from the firm and it 15 now known as
Christensen, Paulson & Taylor, having four part-
ners: Phillip V. Christensen, Cullen Y. Christen-
sen, Ford R, Paulson, and Thomas S. Taylor,
and an associate, Robert L. Moody.

s have been born to us since

we returned to Provo - Betty, Ann, and Mary.

All of our children have been 4 great joy to Gwen
and me. We are proud of their accomplishments
and appreciative of the contribution each of them

make in his or her own way to the happiness and
Perhaps it was inevitable

Success of our family.

that because Bryce was an FBI baby, born as a
Hosier in Indiana, that he would become a special
agent of the FBI. After serving 4 mission in
Denmark, graduating from BYU, and marrying,
he received his appointment, was Sworn in, and
received his training at the Marine Base in Quan-

tico, He is now working as 4 special agent in the
d, among other things,

area of Albany, New York an
investigating bank robberies. Betty Lee is married
and at present lives in Butte, Montana. Her hus-
band is an airline's pilot. She has recently taken
up oil painting and has painted some beautiful pic-
tures, Ann won first place in piano competition

a Bar examin-

"Three daughter
