United Order 278

never embraced polygamy (one wife at a time was
enough for Christen and Laurs. Christensen), yet
many of their General, Stake and Ward leaders
and their friends and associates did, For them
they were concerned, Among these of course
were Bishop Ole C. Olsen of Mayfield and their
highly esteemed kinsman, Lars Myrup. Just how
these and other of the polygamist brethren in
Gunnison handled their particular problems in
this regard, we know little. They and their
families were undoubtedly 'made to pay" in some
way or another, since the wary federal authorities
were like bloodhounds - fierce on the trail and
never at rest when on the scent of an offender!
Unexpected knocks on doors of polygamist homes
during those trying times must have struck fear
to the hearts of occupants, young and old.
Searches, raids, arrests, trials and disfran-
chisements were numerous and grievous to bear.
There was usually a hidden trapdoor to a cellar
or attic through which the head ofa household
could be hustled at such times as it was breath-
lessly announced, -- 'U. S, Deputy Marshals are
in town!"

Aside from their run-ins with the law, these
families often had internal problems because of
this plurality of wives, Lois Myrup Anderson, a
granddaughter of Lars and Maren, has given us a
"peek" into the Lars C. N, Myrup home during
this period:-- 'Maren agreed to his second mar-
riage to Josephine Marie Jensen, a very young
Danish immigrant girl, My father (Niels Christian
Myrup) remembered seeing this girl for the first
time one evening when he and the other boys were
in bed. She came into their home and threw her-
self down on the floor in front of Maren and begged
to be allowed to come and live with them. She
was not quite sixteen years old at the time and
hand't been in this country very long, Father said
her family was very poor, Lars used to visit these
new Danish immigrant families to help them get
settled in this country, and Maren often went with
him. (They had doubtless met Danish Marie on
one of these visits.) Later Lars married this
girl (17 Jan, 1876). It was not generally known
that she and Lars were married for she worked
