Albert 568

1866 Brother Shepherd built the first brick home
in Beaver, a huge eighty by thirty three-story
dwelling modeled after the Prophet Joseph Smith's
home in Nauvoo. It was long called ''The Shepherd
Mansion', He also built a brick granary nearby.
Among the furnishings in this home was a large
grand piano which the Shepherds secured when
Fort Cameron was abandoned by the U. S, Soldiers,
It had been brought in for the wife of the Fort's
Major and was said to be the only such piano in the
valleys then, except the one owned by President
Brigham Young.

When Myrtle's parents, William Henry Farns-
worth and Harriet Susanna Shepherd, were first
married they lived in Beaver for awhile where her
father worked first as a telegrapher and then in a
store, He then homesteaded some farming land
about nineteen miles north of Beaver at what was
known as Pine Creek Ranch. Here inthe ranch
shack of logs Myrtle was born, the fourth of seven
children, When she was two and her new baby
brother was six months, their father left ona
mission to England for the L. D. S. Church. Her
mother and the five children went to live in the
Shepherd Mansion, where grandfather Shepherd
took care of them for the thirty months Myrtle's
father was away.

During his absence grandmother Shepherd
died, Uponher father, William Farnsworth's
return, he and his wife and family were given the
large home and grandfather Shepherd went to live
with his polygamist wife a block away. Myrtle's
father was made manager of the Beaver Woolen
Mills and served as such for the next five years.
The large home was remodeled to better fit the
needs of the Farnsworth family. Though several
bedrooms occupied one wing of the second floor,

a large recreation hall 50 by 30 ft. occupied the
other. Community meetings, programs and dances
were held here. The old brick granary was turned
into the city jail for atime. Many's the tale that
could be told of those days,

Myrtle's mother had several sisters and they
and their families flocked back to the old home on
many occasions, Myrtle and her sisters and cousins
