Andrew 488

him in his loneliness and strengthened him in his
faith and convictions as to the part he personally
might play in shaping the world about him. All
boys have dreams, but Andrew's were a bit vast.
But to him they were real and he seemed to see
before him all the means for their realization,
During those years he never ceased to study and
prepare for the future that began to take shape in
his young, active mind. He dreamed of getting an
education and kept books in a box in the sheep wagon.
These he studied frequently, preparing for the day
when he could go back to school and then begin his
accomplishments."

Luther writes:-- ''There is nothing under
heaven quite like herding sheep to make an intelli-
gent young man realize there are better things in
life. It was sometime during those half dozen years
of playing nursemaid to the wooly creatures that
there developed in father a longing for a more formal
education. Those long hours, while the sheep bedded
down at midday and at nights, gave ample time for
him to daydream and formulate his plans, and from
the classrooms of nature he learned well. It was
from this period of his life that he drew much of
the material for the wonderful and sometimes hair-
raising experiences that he later told us children;
the true stories that kept us quiet on long, slow,
dusty wagon or car rides, rated with refreshments
at our home evenings, or produced lucious drowsi-
ness at bedtime."

Again we quote from Wendell's narrative:--
"At age nineteen father had acquired some sheep
of his own and he decided to put one of his brothers
in charge of them and start school. He went back
to Gunnison and finished the grades, embarrassed
by his size and age. Seminary followed, where he
got high grades. He became a fine scholar, He
went on to the Brigham Young Academy at Provo,
the fall of 1891, and here he spent most of the next
four winters. He taught part time the one of 1893-
94 and graduated from the Academy 23 May 1895,
with the degree of Bachelor of Pedegogy.

It was while at B. Y. A. the winter of
1891/92 that father became better acquainted with
Sarah Jane Bartholomew and her older sister Roxie.
