Ellen Elaine 734

the day, grieving over my lost mother and my lost
faith. Sometime before that I had learned about
Santa, too. I was sure mother knew my feelings
as she seemed so close to me after she'd gone.

"Many times, remembering mother, I'd cry.
Perhaps, besides missing her, I recalled the times
I'd stood on the rockers when she was trying to
rock the baby and wouldn't move at her first gentle
request; or when she'd asked a favor I'd been
stubborn about it and she'd tell me that I'd be sorry
some day and I'd say I didn't care. She'd look at
me thoughtfully and say, 'Well, little daughter,
when I'm no longer here then you'll care.' I
hadn't talked things over with mother like Virginia
had, but after she'd gone I told her through my
tears of my secret longings and my love for her.
Since then I've always felt her nearness and close-
ness and she's been to me an ever-present buffer
between my rebellious nature and temptation.

"Perhaps I could have been taught by my
parents to work harder and to more purpose but
they seemed to want us children to be carefree
and happy, and we were, Dad was a lawyer, County
Attorney, and finally Judge of the Seventh Judicial
District. We were comfortably situated in one of
the nicest homes in town, had one of the first
Buicks, and owned farms, sheep, cattle and
horses, In 191 Virginia and I went with our
parents to the Worlds Fair at San Francisco,
Calif. and the overflow of it at San Diego, Calif,
A few days ago, when I saw a news reel on T. V.
describing the renovation of some of the buildings
of that Fair, I recognized some of them and began
to recall some of my experiences at the Fair. I
remembered my insistence on wearing my new
Girl Scout uniform the entire trip; the little
electric one-seated carts guided by a hand bar
that we used for transportation at the Fair; the
flocks of pigeons that flew around and above us
dangerously; the lighthouse we visited and the
baby crab I picked up on the beach and hid in
Dad's suitcase, much to the consternation of the
hotel manager a few days later when he was
called in to investigate the sickening odor of decay
that emanated from the closet in our room. He
