241 Gunnison Valley

serenely down upon these vales filled with happy
homes of peaceful industry. . . The dignity of

labor is held sacred by the Saints, they teach by
example what they preach on the Sabboth. , .'"' .

The very first group of settlers coming into
Gunnison Valley had settled south of the Sanpitch
River where it curved abruptly to the west around
Chalk Hill point, The second group who came
some months later saw the luxuriant, grassy
bottoms between the Sanpitch and the Sevier and
so, north and west of the other group, they began
a new. settlement below a long curve in the San-
pitch and south of little white hill ledge, They
called this ''Kearns Camp'), ''Sevier City Rocky
Point" and 'Hogwallow''in turn, Their fields
were laid out in eighty acre blocks with roads
four rods wide between them, These blocks
were then divided into ten acre lots and each
settler was allotted his share according to the
size of his family. The first temporary shelters
were dugouts, usually 12 by 16 feet, made deep
‘in warm mother earth and covered with willows
and sagebrush plastered with mud, A fireplace
witha chimney sticking tall above the ground was
built in one end of each and in the other end a
ramp or steps led down to the door or entrance.
Nearly all the cooking was done from pots sus-
pended from fireplaces fed by fat pine wood, whose
light was a fine substitute for candles, Furniture
was made of slabs, poles, split-logs or broken
wagonboxes; Clothing was sometimes made from
tents, sacks or bed ticks, and making over from
large to smaller was a common task, Rawhide
or buckskin, secured from the Indians, was used
for making harnesses, shoes, bed cords. and even
fences, For rhending, | leather was used for almost
everything including broken wagons. cand machinery.
The work to be done was accomplished coope ratively.
Making ditches, planting and harvesting crops, —

making roads ‘and building bridges,” cutting and
hauling wood and logs for houses were some ‘of
the major jobs to begin with, Soon log cabins were
built and then the dugouts became milk cellars and
storage pits, The children worked at picking
berries, digging sego roots, or gathering succulent
weeds to cook as greens, The women sometimes
