With Flags Flying 336

encouragement he gave to his brothers and sisters
in an effort to further their educations, Ina history
of Christian, written by his daughter Pearl, men-
tion is made of this:-- ''Christian, being the oldest,
had little chance for an education in school. His
mother, having had a good education, taught him
so that when he entered school he was ready for
the upper grades, He studied very hard when he
had the opportunity, and had an excellent memory.
Christian worked and saved enough money to help
his three brothers and two sisters through school
at Provo. Ihave been told that he saved two
hundred twenty-dollar gold pieces to assist in their
educations, He visited them at Provo once and
paid for having all their pictures taken, When it
was time for their graduations he paid for gradua-
tion pictures, bought new graduation outfits and
attended the exercises, When they all returned
home to Gunnison a big dinner was served by their
mother in honor of the occasion,.'' Yes, it was
largely through the encouragement of their father
and their older brother Christian, but perhaps
more especially of their mother Else, that six of
the nine living Christensen children (all who would
take advantage of it) had some college training.
Four of them qualified for graduation at B, Y. A.
(later B. Y. U.); five became professional
teachers, two later graduated from an eastern
university, and one studied abroad. In Gunnison
Valley they gained the reputation of being a very
well educated family - and much of it was ''done
on a shoe string", so to speak,

se ahs ste ale ste
38 of of of 38

It was inevitable that the Christensen youths
should marry and leave the nest, Of course their
parents were concerned that they select worthy
marriage companions. Likely Else counseled each
of her sons and daughters, at one time or another,
as her mother had counseled her, --''When you
choose your life's mate it is the whole future of
your own blood that you are choosing!" Albert
related an interesting conversation he had with his
mother on this subject:-- 'I had never permitted
myself to think about getting married, as Iwas
primarily interested in obtaining my legal education,
