Aalborg 168

wagon driven by the old farmer, while Christen,
Karen and the younger girls again occupied the
carriage, Going north a few more miles they

soon swung almost east around Lund Fjord. Lars
Myrup pointed out that directly north a mile or so
from there was Bulbjerg, a white chalk cliff
towering out over the Skagerrak Sea some 165 feet,
and farther out into the water another cliff,
Skarreklit. The company continued to travel on
east through hills, forest areas and many towns
and villages, skirting lakes and streams for a good
part of the day, turning north again they crossed a
great expanse of flatland which had originally been
a great bog. Then they turned directly south
towards the Limfjord, where its waters had
narrowed to not more than the width of a large
river, Here on the north side of the lovely fjord
lay one of the largest Viking burial grounds in
Denmark, Lindholm Hdje, where the grave mounds
as usual were outlined by rocks, in the shape of
ships. Nearby was the large town of Nd¢rresundby,
through which they drove and which was linked to
the city of Aalborg by a bridge going across the
Limfjord, south,

Crossing over the water on this pontoon
bridge, the Christensens and their friends were
soon in Aalborg. It was the first time any of
them, except Christen and Lars Myrup, had been
there and the largest place they had ever seen,

So here it was - the city of which they had heard
so much! Known for its numerous waterways, as
well as its antiquity, Aalborg had been a commer-
cial center for centuries, Large merchants!
houses and warehouses, the house of Jens Bang
(1624) and Aalborg Castle (1539) dominated the
town center, Its industries (akvavit, cement,
tobacco) had more recently carried its name far
and wide. Rightly called a gay and friendly town,
its large parks, with many sculptures, relieved
the pattern of houses, and restaurants, theaters,
and the pleasure gardens (Tivoli-Karolinelund) _
provided healthy entertainment. Other places of
interest there included the St. Budolfl Church
(Botolph); the Monastery of the Holy Ghost (1432);
Aalborg Museum of History and Art; the Aalborg
Hall (the biggest congress hall in Scandinavia), the
