939 Mabel Norma

formal dance - Iwas so thrilled! By then Iwas
serving as secretary to Colonel Black in the ROTC.
I went shopping for the prettiest gown in town - and
I found it! It was the most glamorous thing I had
ever seen - a gorgeous, off-white creation of
Grecian design, which made me feel as elegant as
a queen, The amount in my purse was less than
half enough to buy it but that dress simply had to
be mine!

"Somehow the money was found, And as 1
descended the stairway on the big night, the look
in Reed's eyes told me that the gown was worth
every. penny - every 7,500 of them in fact! Follow-
ing a most perfect premiere (the fact that an exact
duplicate appeared on the wife of one of the com-
manding officers failed to dampen its happy
influence) that little dress was worn many, many
times by me, by all of my tall roommates, by my
lovely niece, Donna Southwick, when she was
crowned Days of '47 Queen, and even by my gor-.
geous sister-in-law Daryl. It was one formal
dress that literally wore out, and because of the
pleasure and service it brought to so many it
became one of my most worthwhile investments,"

When Reed went away for his various opera-
tions he never corresponded with Norma, which
left her in doubt of the sincerity of his interest in
her and turned her thoughts and consideration to
other available young men, There was among
them a tall, handsome airforce Captain and
former all-American basketball player from West
Point, named ''Suitcase'' Simpson, and there was
Harry, a studious medical student whose sterling
qualities were beyond reproach. Simpson, how-
ever, was killed in an airplane crash while
attempting a landing at Washington D. C. before
he could continue his courtship, But Harry pro-
posed and Norma begged for time to consider. As
she came home from that proposal, Reed met her
and, fully aware of his competition, asked her to
go for a ride with him,

Norma writes of this:- 'I could think of no
means of escape. A short distance from the spot
where Harry had proposed not more than an hour
before, Reed parked and, in the sweetest and for
