529 Joseph
seemed to have hay enough and to spare.

"Apostle Wilford Woodruff was a favorite in
the Bartholomew home, especially with the child-
ren. He was asleep upstairs at their place when,
in July of 1887, a rider came from York on horse-
back, trying to find Apostle Woodruff to tell him
to come back to Salt Lake because President Taylor
had passed away. (Wilford Woodruff was then
President of the Quorum of the Twelve and twenty-
one months later, April 1889, he was elevated to
the presidency of the church, ).

"Roxie remembered hearing of her grand-
parents being at the meeting in Nauvoo when the
mantle of Joseph Smith fell on Brigham Young.
Her grandpa had said, 'It is the Prophet. - it looks
like him - it sound like him!'! He had left his seat
in the Bowery where the conference was being
held, 8 Aug. 1844, and gone around front to the
speakers' stand, He came back and said to his
wife, with great conviction, 'We will follow Brig-
ham Young to the ends of the earth!

"At one time Roxie's mother had a terrible
abcess on her neck, She had a houseful of company
from Salt Lake and the visiting Elders gave her a
blessing, Next morning, after the Elders were fed
and on their way south to their assignment, Eliza
thought of her neck, The pain was gone and healing
had started,

"Roxie met Joseph Christensen in Gunnison.
They both went to the Snow Academy at Ephraim
at the same time and then attended the Gunnison
Seminary, where she was appointed Girls! Matron,
They attended Brigham Young Academy at Provo
the same time also and here is where their court-
ship took a serious turn, They were married 6
Sept. 1893 inthe Manti Temple, the first marriage
among the children of both families, Later, as we
have been told before, two others of the Bartholo-
mews married two other Christensens. Roxie and
Joseph's was a very happy marriage, Nine child-
ren were born to this union. Three died in infancy
and were buried in the Gunnison City Cemetery.

"Ruth Ellen was Roxie's and Joseph's fifth
child and the first following the three little ones
