Mabel Norma 934

previous day's and night's activities. These were
the depression years, uo

"Not long after brother Hale's death I remem-
ber bathroom and kitchen facilities being installed
in our house along with a wonderful fireplace; but
several years passed before we enjoyed the luxury
of a refrigerator. Asking Father for money was a
painful experience for both of us, especially if it
was for something he considered a 'frivolity'. So
by the time I was in high school I managed to earn
enough money to buy most of my own clothes,
However, if we needed money for something Father
considered worthwhile, such as furthering our
education or developing our talents, the money was
made available somehow. Many a dollar went down
the drain in a vain effort to teach me how to play
the piano. But needless to say, my regrets were
great and the pangs particularly sharp on occasions
such as our family Christmas parties when everyone
was supposed to perform.

'In the spring of 1940 I graduated from Lincoln
High School, having just turned seventeen. As
Cullen had done the year previous, I delivered the
valedictorian address. To my delight I got a job
in the booth selling tickets, etc., for SCERA |
swimming pool at 12$¢ per hour and I felt that my
days as ‘official berry picker' were over, Not
that they hadn't been good days, for 1 remember
dashing home from the berry patch or whatever,
getting cleaned up and dashing off to play ball until
dark, after which I would either spend my night at
the ticket office for the SCERA theatre or enjoy the
current movie. Our ball team was terrific and we
were Sharon Stake champions for a number of years.

"Boys had definitely become an item in my
life by this time but the only fly in the ointment was
curing them of their fear of Father. On this parti-
cular subject he and I had great difficulty. I got
some comfort out of my sister Elaine's tales on the
same subject. Father later very aptly described
his attitude toward his daughters' boy friends when
he said that he had chosen to adopt the English
approach to the law in this situation by assuming
them to be guilty until proven innocent, Needless
to say, many young man's enthusiasm cooled under

