759 Byron Charles

England 26 Sep, and left there 28 Sep., docked at
New York City 4 Oct. 1932 and got in Salt Lake
City 8 Oct. General Conference was in session
there and he was met by his sister Ada and her
husband Lin. When he returned to Gunnison he
had been away from home a few days more than
thirty-one months. He was then twenty-eight years
and three months old, His mother, of course, was
gone from the home; his father spent most of his
spare time with his second wife at her home in
nearby Redmond, Ada and her husband had moved
to Delta, Utah; the country was in the midst of the
great depression of the 30's and the Peterson
ranch looked pretty well run down. because of it,
and he and his sister Imelda were pretty much
alone. After looking over this gloomy situation,
Byron said he sat down and wept half the night.
Similar fits of discouragement strike numbers of
missionaries upon returning home from success-
ful, wonderful missions,

But Byron soon threw himself into the work
on the farm, along with his father. He also became
very active in the Ward, especially in the MIA.

He loved to dance and never missed an opportunity
to attend a church dance or social. Being an
eligible bachelor he was undoubtedly much sought
after as a partner. He had always liked girls and
felt at home with them, having been raised with
sisters, And though he may not have admitted it,
he was looking around for a wife. This went on
for some three years following his return from
his mission.

In August of 1935 a very special event, long
in preparation and well developed, was to be held
on Temple Hill in Manti. A religious pageant with
choruses and trumpeters was to be pre sented
directly east of the temple, during which time
flood lights were to be turned on, illuminating
for the first time the outside of the beautiful
temple in all its glory. All the people of Sanpete
Valley and the temple district were invited and
guests were expected from all over the state.
Byron had arranged to take six widows from the
Ward in Gunnison with him in his car to Manti the
evening of the presentation, They were driving —
