369 Yesterday's Windows

The ever-loving Vena was always a great help in
her parent's home and also in the homes of her
brothers and sisters whenever needed. Truly these
were sons and daughters to be proud of.

Andrew's and Sarah's Edith (Edythe) has
such happy rememberings of this and other holiday
occasions, when their family returned to Gunnison
when she was a child:-- "I recall wonderful family
reunions at the old Christensen homestead in
Gunnison among our beloved grandparents, the
erect, aristocratic-looking Laurs Mathias and the
stately patrician-in-homespun Else Kathrine, and
the families of relatives, Their welcome seemed
so genuine - with no exceptions, Grandmother C's
welcome came straight from the heart, It was
honest and all-enveloping! Anything she had was
'yours for the asking'. The uncles would either
proudly or shyly ask questions and tell us of many
things, The aunts, less reticent, took us into their
hearts and arms, They then proceeded to 'kill the
fatted calf! or poultry; to bake unbelievably light
breads, rolls and cakes; pick the choicest produce
from their garden and bring out their special pride
in pickles, jellies and jams, Ice was brought from
the sawdust and a large freezer of ice cream was _
on the way. Need I give the amount of thick jersey
cream and the number of fresh eggs that were ©
poured into these makings? Oh, these were the
times of feasting, visiting and comparing notes
for the adults; and for the children, a never-to-be-
forgotten opportunity with cousins, more cousins. -
and double cousins, If the events resulted ina
family group picture by a professional, as it did
during at least two of these reunions, we today are
all most grateful to have such records of those
choice gatherings,"

A photographer had been arranged for to
take a group picture of the entire family during
this reunion, and all were lined up in due time on
the sidewalk in front of the home. Chairs were
placed for Laurs and Else and the married women.
Rugs were spread in front for some of the children
while others sat or leaned on their mothers, Pearl,
Elora, Harold and Aunt Vena stood up in back with
the men, some of whom were holding little ones.
