United Order 268

childhood, Again we draw from the rememberings
of Albert: -- 'In our home in those years we had
family prayer mornings and evenings, Our mother
was a great person, She seemed to be able to tell
our thoughts. She always knew just what to do if
_we got sick or hurt and somehow she didn't seem
like other women, ... Our father was the most
patient and kindest of fathers and never throughout
his lifetime touched a child of his in anger. A
happy childhood home and the memories of that
home are worthwhile companions for a young

boy. . . Our home was always a place of love and
peace, Contention or quarreling was uncommon,

"One of my early recollections concerns a
momentous event in the life of any boy in this
western country, Father bought us a pony. It
was an experience of ownership in common, Many
delightful hours were spent in riding this most
precious possession in the world, In the beginning,
-the great thrill was riding behind one of my older
brothers, it being deemed unsafe for me to ride
alone, This limitation at least at first was accepted
without protest. To feel the exhilaration of a gallop
up the road into the mouth of Twelve Mile Canyon,
to see the willows and trees passing behind us as
we surged ahead over the lively feet of this wonder-
ful horse, was a great thrill.

"The Black Hawk War was over before my
time (the year of his birth actually), but it was
very much in the minds of all of us, Tales of the
Indian depredations often were the entertainment
of both children and adults. Frequently the older
children would 'play Indian'. Sometimes I had

-troubled dreams, One evening about sundown I
was out in the yard with some other boys. Some
Indian stories were being rehearsed by one of the
older boys. While I was between the house and the
boys one of them yelled, "There they come!" I
was immediately stricken with the most violent
fear and ran into the house screaming and sobbing,
Despite the reassurance of my mother as she held
me on her lap, I could not be calmed. For years
afterwards in the dark, especially in the mountains,
I frequently had to overcome the same feeling.

"One day later on I was ‘riding double' behind
