773 Albert Sherman

in Heber City for a winter, Before that she was a
charming young woman with lots of pep and fun -
this she continued to be to me up to the time of
her death at eighty-four. While Mother, Father,
Elaine and Virginia were attending the World Fair
at San Francisco, Calif., Hale, Phil and I stayed
with Aunt Retta and Uncle Andrew in Heber City,
All her life since that time I thought, and still
think, she was one of the most interesting and
lovable persons I have ever known - cantankerous -
spunky - enthusiastic - lovable, My earliest
recollection of her is of her pounding us children
on the backs with love taps in her obvious joy to
see us, She was a dear! I was grateful after
many years that my wife, Lois, came to know

her too and that they had an especially close asso-
ciation during Aunt Retta's later years, I felt
that the many kindnesses Lois extended to her and
the joy each seemed to feel in the other's company
tended to reciprocate in part for the many things
that she did for me when I was young.

"I remember when Cousin Harold Christen-
sen was courting. Sometimes he would stay with
us, sleeping in my room. Uncle Joseph, his
father, is remembered from my early days at our
Gunnison ranch. Almost always we would stop at
his place and visit before proceeding on across
the Rocky Point to the ranch. Uncle Andrew
Christensen, prior to 1919-1920, was a more or
less mysterious and exotic figure - we rarely saw
him but we would hear that he would be in Europe,
then California, then some place else. Inthe year
1919/20 he and Father became jointly interested
in the Star Ranch, where I worked for two sum-
mers. For the first summer Uncle Andrew
managed the ranch and I lived with him and Aunt
Sarah, Sheldon, Wendell and I worked hard, got
up early, played hard, Iwas treated.-as.a member
of the family. They were fine people. Injun, my
first horse, which Father gave to me and Hale
when we were hardly old enough to climb up on
his back, had long since faded away, Uncle Andrew
let each of us three ‘working boys! choose a horse
from a herd of young ones that probably had never
been ina corral. I chose a fine black mare which
I called Pigeon, I broke her myself (she once
