Arthur 632

company and had many friends. Also, their rela-
tives often came. Arthur's father, Laurs, spent
at least one summer helping on the ranch there.
Arthur's sister Elvena also came to stay with
them for a time and help Millie out. Few visited
in winters however, for these were very cold and
Upton folks were often snowed in. But the dances
went on there just the same.

The fall of 1915, when the twins were ready
to enter school for the first time, Arthur moved
the family back to Gunnison into their home they
had bought from his brother Chris "I", Grace
writes: -- ''We moved back to Gunnison and mother
really had her hands full trying to get Gladys and
me ready for our first day at school. All our
things were handmade, even our bloomers and
hand knit stockings. How we longed for something
‘store bought'. I recall so well the old rain barrel
that stood by our house. The soft rain water it held
was used for washing our long hair. One day, as
we children were all lined up for inspection, Wesley
backed into it. Gladys and I shrieked with delight
at the big splash - but we were silenced by a whop!

"You just simply have no regard for the efforts of
your mother’ said our dad,"!

Later that fall Arthur bought the lovely red
brick house of his sister Elsie Bartholomew. She
was eStranged from her husband at the time and
desired to move into less expensive quarters, He
traded the home they were living in in southwest
Gunnison in on the deal and Elsie and her children
moved into that old home, which had been built by
their brother Chris, and Arthur and his family
moved into the nice new home in the northeast part
of town. This was in the latter part of 1915, but
whether the move took place before the birth of
Arthur's and Millie's sixth child, David, 16 Nov.
1915, is not known for sure, although Millie's
sister Mary G. Dowdle says that David was prob-
ably born in the new red brick home. Grace
writes;-- "Our family moved into a handsome red
brick house. This was wonderful - pavement all
over, up to the barn, around the house, down to
the street - everywhere it seemed, We children
raced around in our little wagons,"
