Joseph Harold 682

with Grandpa and Grandma Christensen a few
blocks north and east of the schoolhouse. That is
when I first met a girl named Herma Keller. The
year after that, since a two-year High School had
just been started in Gunnison, I went back home
for my second year of High School training. I was
Gunnison High School's first studentbody president
that year. The following two years I finished high
school at Manti. I was onthe basketball team both
of those years - captain of the team - center - and
star player. We went to Provo for the finals the
second year. I was also Studentbody president of
Manti High that second year (1914-15),

"I dated Herma Keller -
together. She was very activ
and we both belonged to the D
We were married the n
the Manti Temple.

we were in school

€ in school plays, etc.,
ramatic Club of 1915.
ext year, 28 Dec. 1916, in
There were eight years between
my only living Sister, Ruth Ellen, and I, mother
having lost three babies between us. I had three
younger brothers at the time J] was m
Virgil and Marvin. Another brother,
born just four days
attended our weddin
the night of our ma

was expecting. I knew little about the ‘bees and the
birds’ at that time.

"After Herma and I were married we lived in
Gunnison until our first baby, Cloyd, was six months
old (Jan. 1918) and then we Moved to the farm east
of Gunnison into the house Dad had built there
earlier for some farm workers, Previously I had
worked with Dad on this farm in summers and
during school when I had time, but now I took it
over myself. I raised Sugar beets, sheep and
cattle. Iwas also busy in church activitie Ss, teach-

ing in the M.I.A. and later acting as second coun-
selor.

"Herma and I had four c
and a girl. When Dorothy,
years old (1935) we moved
children would be closer to
rented a Sorensen home int
Gunnison,
of our own

hildren, three boys
your youngest, was ten
back to town so the
school and church. We
he northwest part of
We then built a lovely new brick home
in northeast Gunnison, but we were only
