459 Time's Hourglass

home and try and go on as before, But he was
lonely - there was no doubt about that! Being
naturally a rather quiet man himself, he missed
Else's humming at her work, the exuberance of
her conversation - her small talk - her soul talk;
and oh how he missed the comfort and strength of
her presence, Afterall, they had enjoyed more
than fifty-six and a half years together as man and
wife - mostly happy years in spite of hardships;
one didn't put aside a thing like that without longing.
But Laurs needed a companion - and he needed a
housekeeper,

One day in the Manti Temple he happened to
mention the latter to a widow whom he often met
and visited with there. In fact the two seemed to
be somewhat attracted to each other. Though
Laurs was half way joking about it at the time,
Sister Nielsen took him up on it right away and
practically popped the question herself (or so her
only daughter, Helga N. Larsen of Springville
seems to think it happened, ) Well why not?

So Laurs M. C. Christensen, widower of
seventy-seven years, and Sorena Boleta Thyrring
Nielsen, widow of nearly sixty-seven, went to the
County Court House at Manti and got a marriage
license and the same day, 21 Nov. 1924 went into
the Manti Temple and were married, for time only;
for Sorena was already sealed to her first husband
for eternity. Laurs shaved off the moustache he
had worn for many years and the new bride and
groom had their pictures taken together,

Sorena made Laurs a good housekeeper and
a splendid companion, She was of a very cheerful
nature and at times even a regular ''cut-up"., They
got along wonderfully together, She was extremely
attentive and good to him, She belonged to the
Scandinavian Choir there in Manti and was also
often featured on Danish programs as a Singer
and entertainer, Laurs was proud of her, She,
like Laurs, loved to dance. Byron telis of going
to. grandpa's house there on Union Street one day
after they were married, but it appeared that no
one was at home, Yet the house was unlocked and
he sensed that someone was there. He found
grandpa and Sorena in the basement dancing - they
