141 Kobberod

employed farm hands and maidservants, especially
in later years, yet he had insisted on the boys
working onthe farm and Maren in the house.
Karen had sincerely tried to teach her children
something of the great art of living she herself

had learned so well:--courtesy, refinement,
mastery of self and the means of life about them,
enjoyment of simple things and appreciation for

all that was good.

The daughter Pouline had also started school
when she was eight but dropped out the forepart of
her second year, at Yuletide. Now Danish officials
were determined that there would be no illiteracy
in the country, yet it was pe rmissable for children
to remain away from school if good enough reasons
could be found. If a child were sickly, or needed
by the parents in the home, or if the distance were
too far to school or the weather too rough, one
could remain at home during the school term pro-
vided arrangements could be made for him or her
to be properly taught in the home. What excuse
the Christensens gave for Pouline's absence from
the school is uncertain; perhaps it was the weather,
or again it may have been the fact that there was
already a governess employed in the home. How-
ever, the real crux of the matter was that they had
removed their daughter from the State school to
save her from possible embarras sment or harsh
treatment there, since it had lately been rumored
about the area that the Christensens were "Mormon
lovers",

It had all started to happen when the gentle
Karen, in her sweet way, had opened the door to
two Mormon missionaries and let them in out of
the cold. That they had been kinder to her than
she to them that day she had Sear realized,
yet they had warmed her heart with the beauty of
the Restored Gospel. Being much impressed with
their words she had invited the Elders to return.
Meantime she had taken to studying her Bible
more inorder to determine if the words they had
spoken were true. She told Christen about their
visit, insisting that what the Mormon missionaries
had said agreed with the scriptures yet disagreed
with what the priest had told his congreations.
