495 Andrew

"Father found a house and farm near the edge
of town and here we settled. He was soon busy
with school and business trips, leaving Sheldon
and I, under mother's direction, to run the farm.
We worked hard but with poor results. Little
would grow, This experience ended any real
interest in farming either of us would ever have,
This place held little challenge and interest for
father as well, for though he went through the
motions faithfully, his soul did not respond. One
good thing to come out of Hinckley, however, was
our baby sister Margaret, born there the last of
May that year 1919. About the same time father
resigned the posts of school teacher, principal and
president of schools for the rest of his life."

Lucile's clear-cut memories of events began
about this time. She says: 'As a child I had a
fearless passion for horses, While we still lived
in Hinckley we owned a cantankerous team named
Fox and Dobin. Often as they stood feeding in the
barn I would crawl under them up into the manger
and manage to mount one, via its neck. When the
team was hitched for plowing I was usually there
and one time, misjudging my timing, I slipped
from the front seat of the disk-plow and fell behind
the horses, gashing my lip to make a scar I still
carry.

"Soon after this experience we moved to Star
Ranch, between Mona and Santaquin. After we
were settled there father, understanding my
unsatiable longing for a horse, gave me a little
sure-footed mare which I promptly named 'Queen'.
For the full summer I remember no other com-
panion than the beautiful animal on whose back I
lived and dreamed."

Wendell picks up the story:-- ''Being finished
with school by the spring of 1919, father turned
his whole attention to his projects. With a younger
brother, Judge Albert Christensen, and a brother-
in-law of mother's, Otis Ercanbrack, he acquired
the Star Ranch about eighteen miles north of Nephi,
Utah. It was a beautiful place near the foot of
lofty mountains from which flowed both surface
and underground streams, Much of the land was
watered by deep artesian wells. To the west was
