Mabel Norma 940

him unbelievable humility, begged that I give him
a chance to prove his worthiness of me, Gone was
the arrogant, devil-may-care attitude, the fast
talk, the wise cracks, the big time show. There
before me,. stripped entirely of his defenses, was
a young man whose face had not entirely escaped
the ravages of the past two years of pain but still
reflected the hope, the ambition, the tenderness of
someone truly in love. Here was the person I
wanted to believe existed but of whom I had caught
but a few fleeting glimpses, He talked of the two
or three remaining operations and the years of
college ahead of him before he could earn an accept-
able living. But he pledged his life, his strength,
his ambitions to the ultimate purpose of making me
happy. ‘Other men may be able to give you more
of the material things than I', he said, 'but no one
else in the whole world could love you as much as
Ido.' I said, 'Go away and leave me alone and in
two weeks I'll give you my decision, for I can't
decide now."

Reed went back to the army and Harry
remained at a respectable distance, but it didn't
take Norma two weeks to decide, On 31 Oct, 1946
the following telegram was delivered to S/Sgt Reed
J. Webster, 39910794, McCormack General Hos-
pital, Pasadena, Calif.: 'Two weeks unnecessary
to know Tlove you always. Chris." So Harry
faded out of the picture,

Norma went back to Washington D, C. and
stayed with her brother Cullen and family and
worked, It was while here that the couple became
engaged and Norma writes of this and of their
wedding later:- ''While spending a quiet evening at
home, Cullen, Daryl and the boys having gone on
a picnic, we became officially engaged as Reed
placed a lovely diamond ring on my finger. We
both laughed as he described his journey down to
Orem to obtain my parents!’ consent. He said he
knew it sounded ridiculous but he had felt at the
time that he should get down on his knees and beg
Dad for my hand. To his relief the greeting had
been warm and permission granted without any
reservations, Mother of course had kissed him
and welcomed him as her future son-in-law, We
