George Fern Clark 954

eye and ear open to the surroundings. He felt sure
the foe would hunt for him. By then it was mid-
morning and he felt weak from loss of blood and
perhaps lack of food, He had not eaten since shortly
after midnight. He tried to relax and await the
unknown fate which surely would befall him, He
thought of home and family - and of his girl friend
waiting back in the ''valleys of the mountains", Was
there any likely chance he'd live to see any of them
again?

It was nearing noon of that September day
when he heard voices in the distance - gutteral
German voices giving out many ejaculations he
could not understand, Fear seized him for a mo-
ment; people were on his trail! The voices came
closer and closer - then he could see human forms
through the bushes. The voice of one, sterner and
more vehement than the others, seemed to be in
charge. George held his breath momentarily and
tried not to move a muscle, Suddenly he was poked
right in the ribs by a searching cane and he knew
his time was up. He crawled painfully out of hiding
to face about twenty German soldiers supervised by
a German Major,

George was immediately made to understand
that he must empty his pockets, which he did, plac-
ing some things on one side and some on another.
The currency in its plastic cover was placed on the
side opposite the Major, who failed to see it. It
was scooped up right away by one of the soldiers
in a seemingly nonchalant sort of way but who later
gave the prisoner a hidden wink and smile when he
failed to report his "'take'' to the Major. George
felt that he had perhaps made a friend of a sort,
and this proved to be so later,

The German soldiers administered first aid
to his wounded legs and bandaged the right one which
was more sorely afflicted, Then half dragging and
carrying their prisoner they placed him into a
waiting truck and headed toward town some distance
away. Enroute they drove through a large prune
orchard, and as George tried to stand with the rest
to fill his pockets with the ripened fruit, he was
shoved down into the bottom of the truck again, He
was very hungry! Soon the ''friendly'' soldier nudged
