503 Andrew

a beds; courses of rivers were changed to

We © the deserts bloom, and the minds of all men

dag turned toward good, There was a powerful

fanive in which his belief never faltered: strong

w ily ties and a love for literature and music. It

ar. °,nelp reach this Utopia that so many paid the

a, for his words created a vision of smooth

the S, pleasant company and ample rewards at

tri ®nd of the journey, It was as a guide for this

ae that he lived and for which he expended his
*Tgy. It has been said that his ideas were twenty

fe ahead of the times; that the wo rld was not

ae "€ady for them. Who knows what might have

cap pened had he gone more slowly, been more

7 Tous, Planned more carefully, built more

Ondly and dreamed less - who knows?"

h "Father always tried, '' says Wendell, "but
th Was human and so made mistakes and sometimes
°Se mistakes loomed large. He was no ordinary

Man’, in fact he was far in advance of his times.
vin,” having been touched by the magic of his
Om: were made far better and lifted up by that
naPerience, There were countless ways in which
1, hOwed his love and concern, countless lessons
no ich he taught with insight and right timing, for
m0 One can deny but that he was a great teacher -
yountless ones have attested to that. In his last
wart8 he drove himself without mercy, though he
“8 sick and the doctors begged him to stop. In
cor avels he was often hungry, living in cheap
mone end having to borrow money to get home to
fuser From her he would only borrow more to
ma Other fruitless trips and divide his ait ,
rie among hangers-on who bled him for oot .
sah raise. As I look back I think father felt leit
a “nd somewhat deserted those last years. His
ney, £% whom he had worked and planned so ‘
age had begun to go its separate ways and as
wie neet was becoming independent. Even mo : ,
cat Fare business insight and tireless effort, ha
lo ated a Profitable sewing business and was no
Ns hard role for
f 8¢r dependent on him. It was a ed
ee to Play and without a doubt, in my opinion,
elped to hasten his death. "'

f
Margaret says, 'During the last years 0
