And Should We Die 344

as the sons and daughters of Laurs and Else
Christensen in this regard. We know of one little
girl who was born in far-off Sweden, When she
was about three years old her father took his own
life and her young mother was forced to return to
the shelter of her father's home, taking her little
girl with her. A few months later another little
girl was born to this unfortunate young mother.
The embittered father, though a widower in failing
health and needing his daughter's care, seemed to
begrudge her little children even the crusts of

bread that went into their mouths, making things
most miserable for them all.

It seemed an answer to this unhappy mother's
prayers when she received a small sum of money,
coming to her children from their father's mother's
estate, their grandmother who had emigrated to
Zion and died there, With a prayer for wisdom in
her heart, the young mother had taken the precious
money and paid the fare for her oldest daughter,
then six years old, to go to Zion to the home of
some of her father's other relatives there, in fact,
his half-brother who lived in Salt Lake City. The
little girl was sent in the care of some returning
Mormon missionaries in the fall of 1895. The
mother had planned that somehow she and her other
little girl would join this older daughter in Zion in
the near future - but this she was never able to
manage. The small Swedish emigrant's half uncle
in Salt Lake City was a polygamist, with two wives
and two separate families. Times were hard for
them and money for the necessities of life was
scarce and with many mouths to feed little Anna
Theresia Carlson was not too welcome among
them - neither did she speak the language. After
a time she was shifted about among various families
here and there - Salt Lake City - Schofield - Gunni-
son - Centerfield - finally winding up, when eight
years old, in this latter place in the home of an
elderly couple whom she never learned to know
well or feel at home with and who were in no way
related to her, as far as she knew, But they sent
her to school in Centerfield for the very first time,
with her lunch wrapped up in paper - a sandwich of
dry bread spread with bacon grease, She was always
hungry. So after a few days of school here she ran
