Everett Hale 810

Things get discouraging at times but I suppose I
shouldn't kick as Dad bears the brunt of everything."'

Besides working on the farm and around the
place that spring, Hale worked at the Cold Packing
Plant in Orem going on shift from before noon to
nearly midnight. He was doing all he could to help
out, On the farm he often sang at his work, He
had a beautiful high tenor voice and was a member
of a male quartet inthe community. He loved
music and the other arts - the finer things of life.
He loved people, animals, and of course the
beauties of nature, And he loved life, being on
the threshhold of full manhood, What a pity when
such a one is cut down in the midst of such promise
and hope for the future,

That very spring Hale began ailing, as a letter
from Father written June 26, 1928 advises:- ''We
are all well excepting Hale, I had him to Salt Lake
a few days last week trying to find out the matter,
The x-ray expert took a number of pictures but
thus far we have not been satisfied as to what is
the trouble, which seems to be in his bowels. I
am taking him up there again in the morning. We
do not wish to operate until we discover the trouble
if possible from the outside, It is quite a worry
and the poor boy is about discouraged, Gentry
called him the other day and wanted him to go out
with his party but of course he couldn't. Gentry
said, however, that he would hold a job open for
him for a month or two, We are hoping for the best,"

Hale failed to improve. An operation July 30,
1928, though quite serious did not reveal an expected
growth in the large intestines yet it was a great
shock to his system. His condition gave much
cause for concern, Though he was able to return
home from the hospital at that time and seemed to
feel some better yet he was in constant pain and
had a very hard time of it. He took some treat-
ments to stimulate the nerves controlling the colon
activity, where the trouble seemed to be located,
and did all else that the doctors thought might help.
Nothing helped and he was operated on again, Oct,
15, 1928 in the Salt Lake LDS Hospital, requiring
blood transfusions because of his frail condition.
