541 Albert

school came rather unexpectedly soon after, About
dusk, 11 Aug. 1897, as Albert approached home,
he was met by Henry A. Kerns, a local sheepman,
and offered the job of taking a train load of sheep
back to Kansas City. He accepted immediately,
even though he was to leave by early morning less
than two days later. He realized that this was the
opportunity he had been waiting for. He said, 'My
heart was beating rapidly as l arrived home, I
told father and mother of my decision and received
their blessing.

"The next morning at daybreak J was on my
way to the Manti City Savings Bank with my horse
and rubber-tired buggy. I hoped that by borrowing
enough money to pay my tuition for the first year 1
could somehow make my way through law school.
Iwas kindly granted a loan of $200, although I
already owed the bank $500 on my previous school-
ing. Ilarrived home after dark, Mother had my
underwear, sox, extra clothes and other personal
effects already packed in a telescope case, She
pressed my only good suit which I had worn that
day and packed that. At about 3:30 next morning
we left for Gunnison depot, No one except father
and mother was on hand to bid me 'Godspeed', yet
with their faith in me I was sure I would not fail."

Yes, Laurs and Else Christensen, his loyal
and caring parents, stood encouraging and cheering
from the sidelines every worthy ambition and
accomplishment their children undertook, It was
a matter of great love, but then again perhaps a
little matter of pride also, Something outstanding
could come out of Little Denmark!

So Albert went on his way east, in company
with several carloads of lambs bound for the Kan-
sas City market. He had only been out of the
State of Utah once before and then no farther than
Denver. Along with him also were his telescope
case and a few law books, into one of which had
been tucked a picture of Miss Virginia Snow. He
was well prepared, however, for his schooling at
the University in Ann Arbor, and in two years
completed the regular three year law course and
secured his coveted 'sheepskin'', This was not
done without sacrifice, long hours of grilling study,
