969 Kathryn Christensen

school year with us to care for Paul and Peter.
(Gaylen, then). .Dad Todd and she were in he
throes of selling their hydroponics plant near
Las Vegas, During this year my own: father died
and I returned to Utah for a: ‘week or so to be with
Mother.

"Tn November 19 57 Jeanmiarie was bon,
About six weeks earlier Peter had rolled off his |
lower bunk bed and had fractured his clavicle.

He had been put in a cast from the waist up. The
next morning Paul (44) and I took him for a walk
in the stroller, Paul saw a bird bath in a yard —
and, thinking that it was a water fountain, tried

to pull himself up to get a drink, The mounting ~
was rusted and the huge mass of cement fell on ~
his leg giving him a bad break in the growth-line .
in the knee, Fortunately a service station attendant
saw the accident and helped me get him to,a doctor.
It was necessary for him to wear a cast from the
waist to toe on one leg and from the waist to the
knee on the other leg. Mother Christensen rose |
to. the occasion and boarded an airplane for the .
first time to come to help me, since I was eight
months pregnant with two small children in casts,
She stayed until spring. On February 14, 1958
Mother Todd died of a cerebral hemmo rhage. in
Conway, Arkansas, as she and Dad were coming |
to visit us and to see the new baby girl. Dad Todd
did come a little later after the funeral, to fill the
void of Mother Todd's death with this, new. baby.

"In the spring of 1958 Bert was “selected to.
go to the Soviet Union for a year of study, by the
University Travel Grant Committee. .In prepara-
tion for this great opportunity the family, with Dad
Todd, moved to Middlebury, Vermont for the sum-
mer so that Bert could attend a concentrated _
Russian language session, We renteda fascinating
old home with two kitchens, eleven rocking chairs,
two stuffed deer heads and a decorative but real —
wasp nest inthe library. Many friends came to .
visit us there. Our furniture had been stored in
Washington D. C., so at the end of the summer
we moved directly to Orem where the children and
‘I stayed with Mother Christensen while Bert spent
the year studying at Moscow University. It was
