Destiny Takes a Hand 378

Stine's home at the time Anders was here in Den-
mark, He visited Svend and Stine in Vinding by
Vejle. As you know their daughter Signe was
married to the Principal of the High School, but

he died last summer so she sold the school and
has bought our old house. Svend was here in
March to buy a piece of land. We expect him any
day now. He will build their new house himself
you know. Stine will stay at Signe's place till the
house is finished, Svend shall then stay with us in
the meantime, Their lot is not more than five
minutes walk from our house so believe me Stine
and I are looking forward to living so close to each
other. Dear sister, we don't have much to com-
plain about reading your writing but it may be hard
for youto read mine, You said that it was the time
for sowing when you wrote. Here it is different for
after having a mild winter now we have had three
days of heavy snowing and today the men have been
out shoveling snow to get the road passable, This
is something none of us ever remember having
happened before right in the middle of April - but
it will do much good anyway. It is good to have a
sure leader to trust in so we have reason to be
happy children,

Yes, dear friends, I must close for it is
always a hard task for me to write and for that I
am sorry Since there is an old saying which goes,
'If you make me happy. you make me good', and I
know we can make each other happy by writing.
But when we meet and talk together that will be
even better, Tell Anders Hello for us Old Ones
and the Young Ones too, Those were happy days
we had when he was here. Yes, how time goes
by - it,is now five years ago soon, But how happy
we are: for your picture. We have to search long
to find a family as big and nice as this one! With
this I will say goodby and God's peace with us all,
your sister - Karen,'"'!

"Dear Relatives Far Away:

"Mother has now written and asks me to send
a little greeting too, I thought that she probably
had told everything so that there was no news left
for me to tell. It is too bad that my dear cousin
