285 Brown Kit

"Lars Greekkersen (prob. Gregersen) en datter
den 17 June 1879." It wasn't long before her
ability became known in the towns neighboring on
Mayfield, from Salina on the south to Pettyville
(Sterling) on the north. Else made her work one
of mercy and love. With her brown kit in one hand
and a bowl of Danish soup in the other, she went
forth serving the sick and the needy. Members of
her family soon became accustomed to the sound
of heavy wagons rattling up the street and stopping
at their place any time of night or day. Then Else
would be off on her missions of mercy, for she
was usually prepared to leave at almost a-moments
notice.

Whether she assisted at the birth of Christen
and Anne's last child and fifth son, George Ludvig
Christensen, 20 Aug. 1879, was not recorded in
her journal, (This child only lived one-and-a-half
years, passing away 11 Feb. 1881), But surely
Else must have been summoned to the same home
and the bedside of Christen and Karen's twenty
year old daughter Petrine, some two weeks later.
We have no details of the cause of Petrine's death,
only that she succumbed 8 Sept. 1879 in Gunnison.
This lovely girl was engaged to be married at the
time to Jens Mikkelsen (later of Manti). Her loss
must have been a cause of much sorrow to her
loved ones and friends. Death is sad at any time
but when one is in the full bloom of youth with so
many plans and hopes for the future, it can seem
sadder, (She was not soon forgotten by Jens
Mikkelsen, for 26 Mar. 1903 he and his wife then
went to the Manti temple where he was sealed to
Petrine Christensen for eternity, and his wife _
stood for her.} Caskets of wood for the deceased
were made locally then by one James Hansen of
Centerfield, In those days they were covered
with a black material and it was not until about
1886 that white covered coffins were first used
in the area,

But there were happy times too, especially
for the children. Christmastime was always cele-
brated with much gaiety in the Christensen house-
hold, with the traditional Danish ways of holding
Yule mingled with pioneer customs, Christmas
