777 Albert Sherman

he has been invited to sit frequently on the United
States Court of Appeals of the Tenth Circuit and as
a visiting trial judge throughout the country,
including New York, Washington D, C., Los
Angeles, Boston, and Kansas City. He was a
member of the five-judge team initially assigned
by Chief Justice Earl Warren to devise and carry
out special procedures in the Eastern District of
New York, which then had the heaviest backlog of
cases inthe country. The project, which came to
be known as 'The Brooklyn Experiment’ was suc-
cessful in updating that district, and other similar
programs since have been carried out elsewhere.

"For ten years Judge Christensen served as
a member of the six-judge committee on revisions
of the laws of the Judicial Conference of the United
States, charged with making recommendations con-
cerning bills proposed in Congress affecting the
jurisdiction and venue of United States courts.
When the Committee this year (1969) was consoli-
dated with the Committee on Court Administration,
and the membership of all committees reconsti-

tuted, Chief Justice Warren appointed Judge

- Christensen as a member of the new Committee
on Court Administration for a term of six years.

"He has written extensively concerning court
administration and federal jurisdiction, including
four articles for the American Bar Association
Journal (two in collaboration with former Chief .»
Judge Orie L. Phillips) and a number of other
articles that have been published in Federal Rules
Decisions and separately distributed by West
Publishing Company. Aside from this he has had
published, under an assumed name, a book of
poems: 'Thoughtobiography' (Vantage Press Inc. -
1967) and edited and published his father's autobio-
graphy and letters, which he titled 'The Hard Rich
Soil' (J. Grant Stevenson-1966),

"Judge Christensen has been a leading pro-
ponent of preliminary jury instructions, a system
designed to acquaint jurors at the beginning of a
case with the significant rules of law they are to
apply rather than to reserve this information
wholly for the end, as has been the custom, when
the jury's views concerning the evidence may be
