Yesterday's Windows 364

that from that time forward he would never again

be a slave and stoopto sucha filthy habit. And
he never smoked again, "'

There was often music at the Christensens,
Elsie and Emma had each taken Some musical
instruction at Snow College and again at B. Y. A.
Laurs had bought a piano for the home, and both
the older girls played it quite well, especially
Elsie. Vena also taught herself to play a little.
Louis and Arthur learned to chord on the piano
and the banjo. Both of them also had good voices,
as the older girls did, but especially Lou. Tresia
remembers when the two boys sang in the ward
choir together there in Gunnison,
bers that her father often sang ath
what a very good voice he had, tho
untrained. Grandma Else usually
at her work, her rich contralto so
with her beating or stirring,
table to stove in the process
with the movement of her bo
dirty clothes up and down on
Always she hummed at her w
Sewing and knitting,
must have been

Pearl remem-
is work and
ugh it was
sang or hummed
ftly keeping time
as she moved from
of her cooking, or
dy as she scrubbed the
the washboard,
eaving and quilting,
Often she Sang in Danish what
‘King Christian" or "There is a
Lovely Land", But she sang hymns too in her own
special English. I can still hear in memory one of
her favorites, as she used to sing and hum it inter-
mittently:-- "Guide us Oh Thou Great Jehovah,
Guide us to the Promised I,and,
but thou art able, hold us with th
When the earth begins to tremble, bid our fearful
thoughts be still, , - When thy judgment Spreads
destruction, keep us safe on Zions Ay, |. oly
Spirit. . . feed us till the Savior comes, , , Great
Redeemer, , , Bring, O bring, the welcome day."
Grandmother used V's for W's, T's for D's, D's
for T's and Y's for J's in her own special brand of
English - and how I loved to hear her sing or speak
as She did with such fervor. Grandfather appreciated
music too, but I think he loved to dance to it more
than sing. In truth, all the Christensens enjoyed
music. President David O, McKay once refered to
good music as a power that "sentles the human

animal'', Might we not call it the rainbow that
bridges earth with heaven?

« » We are weak
Y powerful hand. . .
