847 Luther Bartholomew

had a use for, so Il harvested it, did it up in one
pound and two pound bunches and peddled it. While
working in the garden one morning I saw my first
pheasant rooster standing in the plowed ground.

The sun was shining on his breast - he was beauti-
ful. At this time we also added a black cow to our
homestead, There were lots of fish in the river so
I fished a great deal. I don't believe I ever finished
school this year.

"We moved to a house on State Street just
back of the McKinley School, We had quite a bit
of ground and many big trees, mostly poplar which
we topped or cut down completely, so we had to
cut them up into firewood. We also had a big
garden but I managed to still find time to fish and
hunt around the Jordan River, Mill Creek, Decker's
Lake and an old slough on the church farm... That
summer Father, my brothers and I set out .in an
old Model T Ford and went as far as Idaho, Mon-
tana and Yellowstone Park looking for projects to.
work, For us boys it was a real pleasure trip. _

"The fall found us back in Salt Lake for
school. I began to trap muskrats and skunks. ‘I
would take the streetcar every night after school
to Draper, check my traps and skin any animals
I had caught, I could take my muskrat pelts on ©
the streetcar but they would not allow me to bring
the skunk pelts, so I would leave them and bring
them home on my back once a week - a walk of
about 17 miles. I remember sometimes getting
on the streetcar after skinning the skunks, I would
walk to the back of the car and almost simultan-.
eously the people would move to the front and open
the windows wide. I sold my pelts to the American
Hide and Fur Company. This I did in winter. In
the spring I worked in the fields for the Italian
truck gardeners, We planted carrots, onions and
celery and weeded the gardens. In summer we ©
harvested the vegetables and put them into pits.

In fall we washed them and prepared them for
market. I made a total of fifteen cents when I
worked there after school and thirty-five cents
for a whole day on Saturdays.

"In the sixth grade I began to dislike school.
I was receiving poor grades in spelling, arithmetic
