Andrew 496

a lake stocked with fish, and in the fail with an
abundance of ducks and wild geese. On this pro-
perty stood three large brick houses, The one to
the north in which we lived was beautifully furnished
and gave our family many happy hours.

"When we moved to Star Ranch, Edythe had
been ready for college and Sheldon and I for High
School. Arrangements were made to move the
family to Provo in winters between 1919 to 1922,
for short school terms, but the remainder of the
time we worked on the ranch. In the fall of 1921
Edythe left for study in Boston. By working part
time and through frugal living, a scholarship, a
loan from an available church school fund, the help
of an occasional relative or friend and the Lord,
she made it through two consecutive years of study.
Father could only give encouragement and mother
did her part by sending a dress now and then that
she had sewn or remodled beautifully.

"The Star Ranch venture seemed to hold
great promise and for a time prosperity seemed
assured, Crops were planted - wheat, alfalfa and
sugar beets. There were also horses, cattle,
chickens and pigs on the place, which was well
equipped with barns and corrals, With the addition
of some machinery, including a tractor, we were
in business, We children all worked very hard and
were proud and happy and filled with hope for the
future, There was talk among us of college,
missions, travel and great accomplishments, On
the other hand, father seemed impatient for success,
He was offered an additional opportunity to buy a
cattle ranch of about 5,000 acres near Duchesne,
in eastern Utah. The bank was willing to put up
the money and, with a thousand head of cattle
thrown into the bargain, this looked very attractive -
so he made the deal. A quick calculation on father's
part placed our total wealth then at almost $500, 000,
which, with luck and a few good years, would pay
off all the debts and plenty to go.

"The winter of 1922 started our normal
enough. Crops had been good. Cattle were fat
and ready for the market with an offered price of
$60. 00 a head - $60, 000 for the herd. Wheat was
bid at $2.00 a bushel and we had 10, 000 bushels to
