Kathryn Christensen 968

and was finishing his junior year at the Y, He was

a political science major, was a good student and

an inspirational speaker. He was asked to teach
Russian language for our next two years at the Y.

We lived first in the basement of a garage near to
the campus and then moved to Wymount Village.
Albert Paul Todd was born in February 1953. He
was named Albert for Bert, Bert's father, my
father, and Albert Kent Christensen, all of whom
assisted in his blessing. Robert Ord and Melvin
Mabey assisted also, Bert finished his MA in the
summer of 1953, In August of 1953 we moved to
Arlington, Virginia so’that Bert could do his grad-
uate work at Georgetown University. I taught school
during this time. We lived in the upstairs apartment
above Wynn's Fabric Store on Fairfax Drive in
Arlington, Dixie Reid Christensen, who lived only

a few blocks away, secured our apartment and tended
Paul for two years and in general was our mother
away from home.

"In the summer of 1955 Bert lost his Senate
Post Office patronage job due to the loss of Republi-
can strength inthe legislature. Because he had
finished his classwork and my salary continued
through the summer we moved for the summer to
Cambridge, Mass., where we lived in Holden Green
and thoroughly enjoyed the association of Kent and
Betsy Christensen while Bert studied at the Weidner
Library. Both Betsy and I were expecting babies
in November (Peter and Ann). In the fall we
returned to the Washington, D. C. area of Kent
Village in Hyattsville, Maryland, because Bert had
taken a position of teacher of Russian History at
Gallaudet College for the deaf, There Gaylen Peter
was born in November 1955, It was while living
there that, through some genealogy work, I located
Bert's father's family in Kansas - all alive except
one brother. Bert and I met Dad Todd in Kansas
where we saw Dad meet his brothers and sisters
after fifty years. I got an amazing amount of
genealogy and it was a thrilling experience, In
June of 1956 Bert changed jobs and began working
for the Air Force as a Russian specialist at the
Pentagon so we moved to Fort Strong Apartments
in Arlington, Virginia. I taught school again and
Bert's mother, Delila Folsom Todd, stayed the
