469 Christian

pubes Andrew, four months past eight, was bap-
er the same day, and by the same Henry Jensen,
Ounselor to Bishop O. C. Olsen of Mayfield.

sold When Chris was going on thirteen the family

to G their home in South Mayfield and moved back

bu unnison, His father leased a farm in Christen-

Hes midway between Mayfield and Gunnison.

fo re he and his boys farmed and the family lived

hal anumber of summers. Christian was 4 great

Pp P on the farm for he had started farming young.
earl tells of this:-- ‘When Christian was about

> he started to help his father on the farm.— He

Mae herded a few sheep and cows on the flats In

Oe bata Gunnison and later in Christenburg._

ae a day he skipped off with a smile, humming

hi. tunes he had heard his mother hum and sing to
im. He would carry a lunch tied up ina knapsack

On a stick over his shoulder. Most of the time this

lunch consisted of a slice or two of homemade bread

ie a slice of bacon or salt pork; and on his way

~ E go, never complaining. He learned very early

in life the value of thrift and industry and he learned

‘0 love and appreciate nature and the out-of-doors.

is Pearl continues:-- ‘While living in Christen-
urg the Christensen children played with the Ole
arsen children next door. Ole Larsen and Laurs

hristensen freighted together many a time.
Children would walk or ride to Gunnison each week
a Sunday School, Primary and Religion Class.

hristian became attracted to Caroline Larsen
While living there and the two became childhood
Sweethearts.

"At age fourteen Christian star
for the an en they had leased their farm
in Christenburg, Julius Christensen,
and cattle; for Mr. Christensen wa
and stock-owner as well a5 4 land-owner.
Bave young Chris heavy responsibilities, for he

knew he was trustworthy. At age nineteen he was
for his employer

e Chris a chance

to put in s

: o many sheep fo :

a went on for several years: 1 His brother F

bert, during some of this time, was eth
¥ Julias Christensen fo run what was called his
