679 Pearl Eva

husband moved to Fairbanks, Alaska. When their
first child was born there I went to visit them.
The trip took thirteen hours of flying time. I
stayed three months that summer. The first LDS
chapel dedicated in Fairbanks was where baby
David was blessed, While there I saw the great
Northern Lights, the Midnight Sun, and attended
their one hundred year centennial celebration. I
saw large white Alaskan wolf dogs with light blue
eyes and sled dogs in darker shades, I saw the
gold dredge in operation and also the big fish
wheel. I saw the perma frost which looked like

a big layer cake with different shades of icing in
between. I had a ride in an army jet at one of the
largest military camps inthe north. Flying back
from Alaska we had difficulty with one engine and
they gave us Mae West wings to put ontwice. We
were afraid we wouldn't make it. We stopped at
Yakima, Washington for repairs,

"On 29 Nov. 1958 in Salt Lake City my
'darling' died suddenly. Iwas stricken with grief,
Afterwards, the girls thought it would do me good
to take a trip. So I attended the Hill Cumorah
pageant and other places of early church interest,
I attended a meeting at the Sacred Grove where it
poured rain all around but not a drop touched us.
Returning to Salt Lake City Ilater went to the
temple there and had Peter and myself sealed
together as man and wife for eternity, 26 June
1959. Iwas also sealed to my parents there that
same day. Then I went on a temple tour of Manti,
St. George, Mesa and Los Angeles temples and
enjoyed the trip so very much.

"After coming home I went to work as a
practical nurse, working with tiny babies and
small children. Sometimes I cared for elderly
women in their homes or acted as a companion
on their travels. I joined the D. U.P. and served
as a teacher in our camp for the year 1960. In
1959 I was put in as work director in the Wells
Ward Relief Society. I took two courses in genea-
logy and am still working at that, I-now go often
to the Salt Lake Temple to do work for the dead.
Iam in very good health and still going strong as
I approach my seventy-fifth birthday (1969)."'
