United Order 280

Christensen home, the latest being the illness of
the oldest son Christian, or Chris as he was called.
Somehow he had contracted a most serious eye
infection which had progressed to the point that the
sight of the right eye at least was despaired of. In
all the region there was not a doctor or nurse to
whom they could turn for help. Else poulticed,
salved and prayed. -Laurs did what he could, and
the Elders were called in to assist him in adminis-
tering to the afflicted youngster. His grandfather
Christen was:sent for and traveled back and forth
from-Gunnison to advise and help, having had
excellent success in curing ailing animals from
time to time. The struggle. seemed long and at
times most discouraging, but with the kind bless-
ings of the Lord, together with all the special care
and treatment his loved ones could give him, young
Chris grew back to health and strength again and
his sight was preserved, . The infection neverthe-
less had damaged the tear duct of his right eye,
thus allowing an occasional tear to fall on his
cheek regardless of whether he was glad or sad.
This "falling of tears'' continued throughout the
lifetime of this pleasant-natured fellow, His
.family called them "happy tears",

This experience brought more forcefully to
Else's mind something she had been thinking about
for quite awhile, Why couldn't she herself be
trained in the médical skills? The urge to act in
that direction had come to her from time to time
as she worked with the sick, but now the necessity
_of it almost overwhelmed her. In vain she had
‘tried to force the thoughts of such a possibility ©
from her mind, The promptings of the ''still small
voice'' became so strong, however, that she could
ignore them no longer. Laurs also realized the
great responsibility of trying to raise a family with
so little knowledge of diseases, etc., and no avail-
able doctors. He agreed that she should be given
the opportunity to seek medical training, but how?

There were so many drawbacks! Else's
family needed her. Small Emma was not yet two
and little Elsie, with a mind of her own, was
scarcely four. Laurs had his hands full making
ends meet without having the full care of two little
