837 Edith Bartholomew

to be at his bedside. But Heber passed away
shortly afterwards, 26 Sep. 1943 and his body was
returned to Payson for burial, 1 Oct. 1943.

Following this sad experience Edith returned
to their home in California where her brother
Clifton's wife, Rhea, stayed with her until she
sold the home. She and the two children moved
back to her parents' home in Payson in Feb. 1944.
She entered BYU again the spring quarter of that
year, expecting to renew her teaching certificate

but was encouraged to remain and work towards
Obtaining a Master's Degree. She was employed
ter of 1945/46 and in

there as an instructor the win
June 1946 received her Master's Degree. In Sep.

1947 she went to Berkeley, California, for graduate
study towards her Doctor's Degree which she
finally obtained in 1956. Her profes sional work in
education has continued at BYU to the present and
she is considered "tops" in her field.

sent Edith is also a member of the
cation Foundation of the American
y Women (A.A. U. W.).
ivision of that

At pre
National Edu
Association of Universit
She was nominated by the Utah D
board for this honored position, at which time

they presented her extensive Vita, along with the
'We feel that Dr.

following recommendation:
Edith B. Bauer's experience as Professor of
Brigham Young Univer-

Educational Psychology at
sity, her excellent professional training, her
ence at BYU and in Tehran

administrative experi

under US OM, contract #115 and her service on

the Association’s International Fellowship Award

committee 1962-68, eminently qualify her for the

position,

"Dr, Bauer has held many offices in the
ident 1961-62. She

Provo branch and was pres
has served on the Utah Division Board as Imple-
ion in Modern China.

mentation chairman in Revolut
d goals of A.A. U. WwW.

She understands the needs an
and is proud of the Education Foundation. She
would like to see it expand its research facilities,

'We are recommending her not only because
ions but also because

of her professional qualificat
of her gracious personality, her devoted service
