867 Phillip Van Buren

jumped ship at Tampico, Mexico and come to
America. He rana shrimp fishing outfit and his
boat was called the 'Tokyo'. It was difficult to
tell the Japanese from Philippinos. On a number
of boats we boarded to search, the occupants wore
large badges with 'l am Philippino' printed on them.
We finally located the Tokyo and asked for Tampico.
His men said he was supposed to come late in the
evening and pick up the day's catch of shrimp ina
truck with the name Tokyo printed on the side.
Four of us agents in two cars later staked out the
road leading to the fishing docks and sure enough,
about 10:00 p.m, the Tokyo truck came along. We
ran it off the road and found an American man |
driving 'Tampico's' truck. He stated that Tampico
was at his home in Algiers, just across the river
from New Orleans, and gave me his address, It
was midnight when we four agents arrived at
Tampico's but his lights were on. A peek in the
window revealed a Japanese-looking fellow stand-
ing in the middle of the kitchen floor beside his
packed suitcase. Two of us entered from the back
door and two from the front, and when we asked
Tampico where he was going he answered in
broken but understandable English that he knew he
was going to be picked up and possibly interned,
and since he didn't want people to think he was
trying to run away, he hired someone to run his
equipment, packed his bags, and was waiting
there at home to be picked up. Believe it or not -
we didn't - and interned him.

"There was a 'German Baron' and his very’
lovely wife that we picked up shortly afterwards
in Baton Rouge. He was supposed to be in America
'‘lassoing alligators', The last I heard of him he.
was head of the linen detail in an internment camp
in Texas. There were many other cases that kept
us on the go. :

"The summer of 1942 I was transfered to
Indianapolis, Indiana, and our first child, Bryce,
was born there the spring of 1943. Here, among
others, Linvestigated a very involved case in
which some officers of the Anaconda Wire and
Cable Co, were charged with fraud. They were
suspected of circumvention of tests of cable and
