Peasants-Nobles-Kings 22

When released, Valdemar fought again to win back
the land but was victorious no more--~he lost the
battle, one eye and a son in the fray. Shortly
before his death he drew up a Set of national laws,
for up to this time Denmark had no uniform or
written ones, Since rules and regulations were not
always remembered alike by the 'lawmen!" of the
various settlements, there were often problems.
This 'Jutlandic Law" proved most successful in
solving these.

King Eric ''Ploughpenny" (1241-1250), so
called because he instigated a plough tax, had
trouble with the Church. Eric Clipping (1259-1286)
made peace with the Church but had trouble with
the nobles, They felt the time had come to curb
the king's powers and made him sign an agreement
to that extent. (Royal Charter of 1282) This gave
the nobility much more say in the Danish govern-
ment but it didn't bring peace. One terribly
stormy night the King, who was hunting in Jutland,
was forced to take refuge in a village barn. A band
of nobles fought their way in and attacked him,
leaving him dead with 56 wounds, Legal action was
taken, under terms of the new Charter, and nine of
the country's leading nobles were found guilty,
among them the Lord High Constable Stig Andersen
Hvide (most likely one of our grandmother's distant
relatives, and ours). He was banished and retired
to an island in the Kattegat where he lived like an
ancient Viking - raiding the Danish coasts.

Two kings in succession nearly wrecked Den-
mark, Eric Menved (1286-1319) and Christopher Il
(1320-1326 & 1330-1332) mortgaged most of the
country to pay for their extravagances, until not
one single square foot of land remained in Dane's
possession. Denmark was without a king for nearly
eight years and the king was without a kingdom,
while her wealthy German masters built their
castles all over, levied crippling taxes on her
peasants to pay for them, and sent ruthless German
soldiers to collect the money. By 1340 the country
seemed doomed; rebellion was seething throughout
the land, but especially in Jutland. A powerful
Count, "Gert the Baldheaded" of Holstein, marched
up into the peninsula with an army of 11,000 men,
