Albert Sherman 772
and home and comfort and dreams,

"Uncle Joe Snow, when I first remember him,
was a man of polish and dreams. He visited fre-
quently at our home on Depot Street and stayed with
us a time or two it seems, I remember him saying,
'If you have a dollar and are hungry, spend it fora
haircut, a shine and a press and you'll be ahead. '
Uncle Ed Snow was also well liked among the smaller
fry. He was somewhat brief, bluff and blunt but yet
full of fun, Uncle Charles and Aunt Emma Peterson
at Gunnison made almost a second home for me at
times. While there cousin Byron and I would hunt
rabbits, hike in the low hills on and adjoining their
farm, and have a wonderful time generally. All of
our Aunts and Uncles on both sides of the family
were well liked and wonderful to us.

"Christensen family reunions were very
special, The earliest I remember was at Uncle
Arthur's in Gunnison. Aunt Millie was especially
good to us then and when she ran the eating-house
in Manti - in fact at all times - why limit it? I
remember driving with Father to Salina hospital to
visit Uncle Arthur when he was ill. Later at the
LDS Hospital in Salt Lake City I, among others,
gave blood, In those days the transfusions were
direct from doner to patient, His death and funeral
were a great sadness - greater because ofa sharp
renewal of the memory of Mother's death, as he
was buried not far from her grave. I shall never
forget walking up Depot Street to Aunt Lou (Lucille)
Black's with Hale and perhaps Phil, sensing that
something was very, very wrong, and of Aunt Lou
putting her arms around us and saying, 'You must
be very brave! before she told us that Mother had
died, Even then I couldn't realize the fact although
a hopeless feeling engulfed me.

"Uncle Charles Riddle was something special
since he worked in or owned, or both, a hardware
store, handling all sorts of interesting and exciting
items -- guns, baseballs and a dozen other things
of special interest to boys. Aunt Claytie, Mother's
oldest sister, was wonderful to us and her children
were very close to us, as were most of our cousins,

'What shall I say about Aunt Retta Neff?
After Mother died I lived with her and Uncle Andrew
