955 George Fern Clark

up to him, however, and slyly slipped him a few
prunes from his own pocket, George found that
Some Germans could be human after all. Other
small, inconspicuous favors were given the pri-
soner by his newly found friend before they were

Separated.

George eventually found himself in northern

Germany at Stalogluft Camp No. 4, about thirty
miles from the Baltic Sea. Here Some 10, 000
prisoners were interned by the Germans, approxi-
mately 7,000 Americans and 3, 000 English and
Australians, There were five compounds with
twenty barracks each. Most were Air Force per-
Sonnel, Commissioned and Non-commissioned
Officers, George was one of the latter, Russian

Prisoners of war were forced to wait on these
George felt

Prisoners and do the "dirty work",

he couldn't complain of the treatment - aside from
the food and sanitary conditions which were terrible !
He went from 160 to 120 lbs. in weight.

In the compound where George was imprisoned
Someone had an excellent radio which was disassembled
in daytimes and reas sembled at nights, thus keeping
it hidden from the German guards. In this manner
they kept track of the progress of the war and knew
that its ending was drawing nearer and nearer.

They learned that the Russians were gaining ground

on Germany's northern borders and so were not at
all surprised when, in February 1945, the prisoners
were marched out of Stalogluft Camp No, 4, under
heavy guard, and were started marching over

Germany in an effort to €
they fought their way into the country.
two months, mostly in the cold of winter, these
half starved and weary men were literally herded

back and forth over Germany, covering some 600

Miles on foot during that period, The first few days
of this forced walking the Germans tried to keep the
Some 10, 000 prisoners together but soon found that
it was safer and more practical to divide them into

Smaller units.

Finally, th
to terms of the peace,
Process, the unit of about 1500
in which George found himself,

e war nearly ended and according
which making was then in
American prisoners,
crossed over the
