Albert 556

supper. Thick branches helped to cushion the fall
of the sedan as it sank into the stream,"'!

A lovely new 1954 Buick replaced the Lincoln
in Albert's garage. This was his last car. His
very first car had also been a Buick for, if
memory holds true, he owned one of the first if
not the first Buick in Manti.. Though he was with-
out a car off and on during the years when things
were so difficult, most of the cars he had were of
the best. Fine cars were some of the very few
personal extravagances Albert ever allowed
himself.

Kathryn adds:-- ''Dad had been an excellent
and safe driver. Driving and feeling independent
were of course very important - so important to
him that perhaps he drove too long. I recall how
he ''revved up''the motor there on the south side
of the house in Orem, and then the inevitable
honking and screeching of brakes as he entered
upon Highway 91 with considerable determination,
One of the frustrations of his last years was when
the authorities would no longer renew his drivers
license. The boys came for him lots towards the
end of his life and the Buick remained in the service
shop from time to time." .

One by one each of his three living sons
joined his law firm and began to handle more and
more of the load, leaving Albert added time for
recreation, He spent more time digging around
in his small fruit farm, played a little golf and
chess, and evidenced a special weakness for ''Five
Hundred.'' This latter he often indulged when his
children and their companions dropped in of an
evening. Many lively contests of skill were held
with the family gathered around the dining room
table, and with Aunt Myrtle usually ending up
bringing in a plateful of her famous ''caramels"
to treat both winners and losers,

Albert loved to be out in the mountains, He
went deer hunting almost every fall with his boys
and others, during which time he got "nary a deer,"
Most folks said it was because he hadn't the heart
to shoot the poor things, but his son Phillip said
this just wasn't so - his father was just a poor shot,
