Kjallerup 68

their sick and dying, wounded, lame and blind, and
tarrying in various small settlements along the way.
At the top of every hill they stopped and looked back
towards their once proud city of Nauvoo with its
beautiful temple. The ''Saints'' had been so driven
from many fair cities and cozy homes:--from Ohio -
to Missouri - to Illinois - to Iowa in few more than
a dozen years. Cruel mobs who had threatened and
driven them from their last abodes were now the
owners of their beautiful city and the smiling
countryside around. These were the mobs who had
_stopped their ploughs, silenced their hammers,
their axes, who had put out their fires, eaten their
food for which they now hungered, spoiled their
orchards, and trampled underfoot their thousands
of acres of unharvested grain; these were now the
keepers of their comfortable homes and the
carousers in their holy temple, whose drunken
riots insulted the ears and polluted the very air
there. The last company of the driven Saints, the
old, unable and destitute, or the remnants of the
people, who it was hoped could stay on there
unmolested until wagons returned to take them,
turned, when on the opposite shore, and beheld a
sight sorrowful to their eyes indeed; they saw all
the struggles, sweat, toil, dreams and sacrifices
of the past six years go up in flames; for lastly,
the mobsters burned their glorious Nauvoo temple.
So here in Winter Quarters, Nebraska, the van-
guard of these once-again homeless people were
camped that winter of 1847; there were many
widows and sick among them and burials were
frequent. All were poor in earthly goods, but the
poorer were helped by the better off. Come Spring
they intended to move on west across the great
American plains in search of anew home. Though
they had lost their great Prophet, their city, their
temple and their homes, and were shivering and
hungry in temporary shelters in Indian territory,

it seemed they could not be defeated in their pur-
poses; for they still had their God, and through
their trust in him they rose above every discour-
agement,

At the same time, Christian VIII was King
in Denmark; it was the last full year of his reign.
The country was making brave effort to get on its
