Destiny Takes a Hand 376

what is now First North and First East Streets,
Besides the house there was a barn on the place
with room for a horse and a cow or two, also
plenty of room for a few pigs, lambs, chickens,
geese, a garden and some berry bushes on the lot.
But the most important thing about it all was the
fact that it was within easy walking distance of the
beautiful Manti Temple.

But then a plan was born - or perhaps it
came to mind while they were rummaging through
their important papers earlier, preparing to move,
Could it have been that Laurs happened upon his
blessing given him in Christenburg in 1884 and
took time to re-read it? Likely. Much that had
been promised him at the time had come to pass
and. much was promised for the distant future,

"Ja, Ja, all this is wonderful and fine, '' he must
have thought. . . ''Your life shall be spared long
upon the earth", , . "Ja, Ja!'' But it was the part
that came next that must have bothered him and
set his mind to working on it. .. ''The still small
voice will say to you - 'Go back to your native land
where you Shall bear witness of the Gospel for your
relatives and friends, both the high and the low.
You shall do many works in their midst, as the
Angels of the Lord shall prepare the way and the
wisdom of the Holy Ghost be given you. . ."

Now how could he himself just ignore this part of
his blessing and expect the continued blessings of
heaven?

Else must have readily agreed that Laurs
should return to the Old Country and also that she
herself should return with him, since she still had
so little of her own genealogy. There would never
again be a better time for them for they were not
getting any younger! But what about money? They
would talk to the boys, perhaps some of them could
help a little with that since most were doing well.
And perhaps Louis and Florence would buy their
Gunnison place instead of just.renting it as they
were doing. Vena could of course stay with Emma,
who was so in need of help now. Thus Laurs and
Else had talked and planned and the immediate
future took on a glow of anticipation, But when they
spoke to Andrew about it he encouraged them to wait
