Byron Charles 756

area that day and when the house began to shake
she thought his father had run into it with the
wagon. There was some damage done by the
quake. On their place the old well sunk and the
city ditch broke, a neighbor's shed caught fire
and burned and the Richfield Tabernacle in
Sevier County cracked,

Byron was quite badly tongue-tied as a child
and couldn't talk plain. Even after several clippings
off and on, by Dr. Hagen, he still had some trouble,
In fact he says that even today he has trouble with
his W's, though we've never noticed it. He was
also a rather determined child, but whether he got
that from his Danish or his Swedish ancestors we
cannot say. He sometimes took his ill-temper out
on his father's pigs, of which there were usually
over a hundred. He would throw rocks at them or
hit them with sticks to make them squeal. He
remembers that they used to squeal real loud when-
ever grandmother Christensen came on a visit and
she would say, ''those poor pigs are hungry" and
go out and throw them some extra handfuls of
grain. She had a soft spot in her heart for pigs
and they always seemed to know when she was
around and took advantage of it.

Byron was baptized in the Manti Temple a
few weeks after he turned eight, 20 Aug. 1912.
His mother took him there. There was another
boy from Gunnison there with his mother for the
same purpose, and after he was baptized he
broke away from his baptizer and took a good
swim in the font before they captured him and
brought him out for confirmation. This boy's
mother was so embarrassed she hardly ever got
over it. Byron decided that if he ever got another
chance at baptism he would do the same thing - but
he never got another chance.

He was about eight when he started helping
his father on the farm. About his first job was
raking hay. He loved the farm and turned out to
be a farmer and cattle raiser for much of his life,
He says he was somewhat of a runt when he was a
boy but that when he started to grow it seemed the
sky was the limit. He grew to be a tall, big fellow
with a big heart. School to him in his early years
