Emma 604

his turn with her children watching by her bed of

suffering but she soon died and he returned to live
at his ranch home,

He was a fine gentleman and very good to
everyone, especially Emma's sister Vena and her
large family. How often I remember Charles and
Byron driving up in his large truck to a Christensen”
family reunion, with a number of George's and
Vena's children aboard. They would come from
Gunnison around by way of Goshen or Santaquin to
bring them, Charles was so pleasant and jovial
and always took part in the games and other activi-
ties at these reunions with seeming relish. He wa§
usually among the first to arrive and the last to
leave, bringing a spirit of good will and brother-
hood along with him. 1 remember him as slender,
tall, dark, good looking and oh so friendly. He did
not push himself forward but was always there to
do his part and more, He had excellent health, w@§

a hard worker, honest and clean living, and had 4
ruddy glow about him that one could not help but
admire.

From the time of his
consistant and faithfu
the church

baptism Charles was

1 in his efforts in behalf of

» in spite of the fact that some of his

own people were downright bitter towards that
Organization and made things uncomfortable, if .
not difficult for him. Among other responsibilitieS»
he served as Counselor in the M.1.A,, an officer

in the Seventies Quorum, and a member of the
Hamilton Ward

bishopric in Gunnison for many
years, Soon after Byron returned from his miss10":
having no more sons to send, he sent his daughter
Imelda on a Canadian mission, June 1934. He held
the office of High Priest in his later years. No.one
could question his love for the gospel and the
church. Cousin Florence C, Hougaard remember®
speaking to him in the Manti Temple on one occa-
sion, at which time Charles remarked to. her that

his life since he had become active in the church
was like ''Heaven on earth,"

When Byron married in 1936 and brought his
wife Mildred home to the ranch house to live,
Charles stayed on as a most welcome part of the a
family. Though he had his own room upstairs an
