A Clear Cali 318

in their behalf. This was done in all solemnity by
Manti Temple President Daniel H. Wells, It must
have been a soul-filling experience for each of
them, For Else herself, who was not yet sealed
to her own parents, it may have been a strong
reminder of her unfulfiiled responsibilities to her
kindred dead. In faci each new visit to that beauti-
ful edifice must have given new impetus to her
dream about returning to her native land in search
of the genealogical records of her people, past and
present. Though she had a great responsibility to
the living she also must have felt the urgency of
her responsibility to her dead growing within her
bosom,

That she discussed these things with Laurs
and even with their older children, may readily be
imagined, She may not have discussed with them,
however, her recurring dream that perhaps she
herself might be instrumental in bringing her own
people the message of the Gospel, This thought
she could not banish. As the days and weeks sped,
what had begun as little more than a dream began
to shape itself into a possibility. As she began to
view a trip back to Old Denmark it began to loom
as an almost staggering undertaking. But even as
Else weighed the situation and prayed for guidance
in overcoming the problems, she began making
tentative plans to go. The voice of her own destiny
was being heard amid the din.

Inquiries were made about the cost of sucha
journey, for money was a big consideration,
Though business for her had been good the past few
years and she had saved some, she would still be
forced to borrow additional, Passport requirements
were investigated, Fortunately she was an Ameri-
can, she and Laurs having secured their Certificates
of Citizenship the same day (20 Feb. 1882) in the
First Judicial District Court of the United States,
Utah Territory, issued at Manti. Else talked to
returned Danish missionaries - "yes'', they advised
her, "Saints going back to the Old Country on visits
often traveled there with outgoing Elders." Laurs
and the children encouraged her inevery way
possible - they could take care of things at home
they agreed. Having gone this far Else decided
