Byron Charles 760

along main street in Manti when he caught sight of
a Manti girl he knew walking along with another
girl towards the temple. Always friendly, he
slowed down and called to the girls. "I'll be back
to pick you up."

Depositing his load of widows at the temple
gate he drove his car back and picked up the two
girls, being immediately introduced to Mildred
Olsen, a girl from Manti who was working as a
practical nurse in Salt Lake City but who had
returned especially for the pageant. (Her boy
friend was ushering at the west gate and couldn't
escort her to the affair but planned to walk her
home after - though she didn't tell Byron Peterson
that.) Taking his car seat from the car, Byron
invited Mildred to share it with him sitting on the
temple lawn, which she did. They spent a wonder-
ful evening there, Mildred, writing of it later, had
this to say:-- ''What a glorious sight to behold -
the inspiring pageant - the magnificent temple
flooded in light - a throng of thousands of people
seated on lawns, walks and hill. Even old Mother
Nature added her blessing by furnishing a total
eclipse of the moon at a very dramatic moment,
plainly visable to all, which greatly enhanced the
scene of unusual splendor." It would have been a
wonderful night to fall in love and perhaps the two
did, though they may not have known it then - for
Cupid is a sly one,

Byron went back to Gunnison afterwards with
his load of widows and Mildred strolled home with
her boy friend. Returning to Salt Lake she found
it hard to forget the evening and Byron Peterson,

She dropped him a card at Christmastime, men-
tioning how much she had enjoyed that August even-
ing and discreetly jotting down her Salt Lake address
in small letters in one corner, Byron took the bait
right away and began driving up to Salt Lake to see
her. The trouble was, however, that he seldom
made appointments. He was as apt as not to leave
Gunnison after work with one of his Peterson cousins
and a load of pigs to deliver. He seldom found her
home since she would be out on various cases, One
time, learning that a Gold and Green Ball was to be
held in her Salt Lake Ward, he came all dressed up
