‘Other Dimensions 48

public baptismal service to take place in the open
waters of the Limfjord, near Aalborg. A great
number of people gathered to witness the event.
Before proceeding with the ceremony, Elders
Jensen and Christian J. Larsen spoke to the
assembled multitude, advising them to flee from
"the Church of the Devil", intimating that the
Lutheran Clergy represented that church. Bed-
lam broke loose and the Elders were dragged by
the mob before a prominent clergyman of the city.
The mob went to the Saints meeting house, broke
all the windows and tore the doors down. Soldiers
were ordered out that night to restore a semblance
of order, but before their arrival a severe thunder —
storm broke, the likes of which had seldom been
seen in Aalborg, and the mob scattered. . . For
six nights more the depredations were repeated,
with the mob intent on almost any crime; but a
check on all missionaries and members later
disclosed that, while there were bruises and tales
of narrow escapes by the missionaries who had
been at their wits end, all had escaped serious
personal harm."

Nov. 1851--''A mob, fanned to white heat by
their own fanaticism, burned the home of Jacob
Bohn, chanting 'Let's baptise the Mormon Priest
in his own blood' soon after it was discovered that
he had joined the LDS church as the first convert
in Randers. But Brother Bohn came back after
the fire and praised God that his journal, contain-

ing about fifty hymns he had written, had not been
destroyed, '!

On Sunday, 14th Dec. 1851, four of the
brethren held a meeting at Brondbjoster, a
suburb of Copenhagen, and many of the Saints had
come out from the Capitol City to attend the ser-
vices. '', . . AS soon as the meeting was dis-
missed and the visitors began to disperse and
start on their return trip to Copenhagen, they
were greeted with a shower of stones, potatoes
and other missiles, from a crowd which lay in
ambush waiting for them. After proceeding a
little farther, someone gave a signal that the
Saints were coming, and when they came within
the firing line they received another salvo of
