Dreams Come True 402

"Thor sted,, Denmark :
28 Oct, 1910

"Dear Friends in the Distance:

"Thanks very much for the letter, it came in
good condition, We hope that when these few words
reach you that you are back in your daily routine |
again and safely home. Now you have a lot to
think about since you have been in so many different
homes recently, There are so many impressions
to be received through travel, Here we are very
thankful that all went so well while you were away.
You asked, dear sister, how goes it with the
Skaarups? It was so strange that you should ask,
especially at this time during Mikkel's dark
period (illness), Trouble is not something unknown
to me, but I must thank the good God Father for
both the light and the dark and for everything we
lack, I know for certain that we do not always
thrive best with wind (under good circumstances),

I could just about say that the only wish I have is
that Mikkel, and all of us, could be free of our ail-
ments but we must admit that, as Paul says, 'we
have a thorn inthe flesh'. Ihope you, dear sister,
can understand my thoughts, I can truthfully say
that Mikkel has been a good husband, and a good
father to all of our children, But I can tell that we
are getting older and we sometimes have to have
things hard to get us to be humble and make us
like little.children for our God Father, who both
can and will help us. I am so grateful at least

that my leg is better.

"Day before yesterday we had the threshers
here. You should have seen the bunch of grain we
had. Brother Mads was here to help. I promised
to send you a greeting from him and also one from
Svend Poulsen. Stine is not yet completely moved
to Thorsted but hopes that it will be shortly.
Maren has written to you so I think I had better |
quit at this time, Herewith I will wish God's peace
‘be with us all. We were so happy for your visit.
Iam supposed to say 'hello' to you from our child-
ren who are away. Yours, Mikkel and Karen .
Skaarup, ''

There was also a letter enclosed from
