Kobbe rod 138

{anglicized to Laurs Jepsen) and Marianne Eliza-
beth Kristensen Eskov (anglicized to Mariane
Christensen). (Eskov was the name of the place
from whence her great-great paternal grandfather,
Peder Sorensen, had originated, having been born
there around 1678.) Her father's progenitors had
lived right there in the area of Gettrup for more
than two centuries at least, for there was a record
of them back to her fourth great-grandparents,
Eric Nielsen and his wife Mette Jensen Nielsen,
who were each born in Kobberdgaard about 1604
and 1610 respectively. So Karen too must have
descended from the early Vikings of Thy and their
predecessors there. But Karen's mother's fore-
runners had not come from Thy, as far back as
they knew, but from across the Limfjord east and
south, where its waters had pushed themselves in
to form several smaller fjords and bays, including
Skive Fjord. It was here on the shores of Skive
Fjord in the large city of Skive that her mother
had been born, the youngest of the four daughters,
of Kristen Kristensen (Eschou) and Pouline
Kasgaard. Kristen's people were from Selde,
some ten miles or so north from there but had
originally come from the village of Escou'(Eskou
or Eskuer) midway between Selde and Skive.
Pouline Kasgaard may have been from Skive, in
Skive Parish, but there is reason to believe she
was from much farther south, in Viborg, since

the first three of her four daughters had been born
there, only the fourth, Karen's mother Marianne,
having been born in Skive. It was from the cathe-
dral city of Viborg, that ancient cultural center in
mid-Jutland, that Jutland's royal army had ridden,
from time immemorial, southward by horse and
cart, to Denmark's ancient border near Danevirke
to fight off the Germans, (Where the modern high-
way has not replaced the old road, cart tracks
dating back several centuries may still be traced
in the heather and near the fjords, )

On 8 Dec. 1843, when Karen was just two
months past her seventeenth birthday, her father
died at age sixty-five years nine months, leaving
her mother, herself and her two older sisters,
Maren, just a week past twenty-one and Ane,
nineteen and a half. In less than a year-and-a-half
