Westward 180

brought and distributed by the various group presi-
dents in charge, At 11:30 A.M. they had dinner,
which generally consisted of good, solid food. After
that they frequently amused themselves in dancing
or engaged in diverse games on the upper deck in
order to keep up good cheer and counteract the
tediousness of the long voyage. Thus the days for
most passed quickly and pleasantly. At 6:00 P.M.
they had supper and at 9:00 o'clock they were
supposed to retire for the night after having had
prayers at 8:00 o'clock, Cleanliness and order
were strictly observed and all who were able to

do so were required to spend a good part of their
time on the upper deck to enjoy the fresh air and
exercise. Meetings were usually held on Sundays
and other occasions, at which powerful testimonies
were borne and timely instructions given as circum-
stances demanded. A number of marriages were
solemnized on which occasions they generally
indulged in pleasantries, dancing and speech-
making, Even a manuscript paper was issued
almost daily, which introduced humorous and

Spicy articles suitable for the life they led.

Guard was kept up all night and all the
brethren who were of proper age and able took
turns, The captain and the crew were gentlemanly
in their deportment towards the passengers and
treated them in a kind and respectful manner,
allowing them all the privileges that could reason-
ably be expected, and the sick received very good
attention. However, although the food and provi-
sions were Satisfactory enough, the passengers
had difficulty with the cook, a hot-headed and
disagreeable person who quarrelled with several
of the brethren, especially on one occasion when
a fight was barely averted,

Likely much of the conversation those days
on board was about the ''Restored Church" and the
"Land of Zion's for these sincere people must have
felt it a wonderful blessing that the true Church of
Christ, which had been lost because of the wicked-
ness of men, had been brought back to the earth by
the Prophet Joseph Smith in their day. And here
they were, many of them after years of yearning,
planning and scrimping, going to Zion and the
