Yesterday's Windows 364

that from that time forward he would never again
be a slave and stoop to such a filthy habit. And
he never smoked again, '! .

There was often music at the Christensens.
Elsie and Emma had each taken some musical
instruction at Snow College and again at B. Y. A.
Laurs had bought a piano for the home, and both
the older girls played it quite well, especially
Elsie. Vena also taught herself to play a little.
Louis and Arthur learned to chord on the piano
and the banjo. Both of them also had good voices,
as the older girls did, but especially Lou. Tresia
remembers when the two boys sang in the ward
choir together there in Gunnison, Pearl remem-
bers that her father often sang at his work and
what a very good voice he had, though it was
untrained, Grandma Else usually sang or hummed
at her work, her rich contralto softly keeping time
with her beating or stirring, as she moved from
table to stove in the process of her cooking, or
with the movement of her body as she scrubbed the
dirty clothes up and down on the washboard.
Always she hummed at her weaving and quilting,
sewing and knitting, Often she sang in Danish what
must have been ''King Christian''or "There is a
Lovely Land'. But she sang hymns too in her own
special English. I can still hear in memory one of
her favorites, as she used to sing and hum it inter-
mittently:-- "Guide us Oh Thou Great Jehovah. , ,
Guide us to the Promised Land, , , We are weak
but thou art able, hold us with thy powerful hand. . ,
When the earth begins to tremble, bid our fearful
thoughts be still. . . When thy judgment spreads
destruction, keep us safe on Zions hill. . . Holy
Spirit. . . feed us till the Savior comes. , . Great
Redeemer, . . Bring, O bring, the welcome day.'"!
Grandmother used V's for W's, T's for D's, D's
for T's and Y's for J's in her own special brand of
English - and how I loved to hear her sing or speak
as she did with such fervor, Grandfather appreciated
music too, but I think he loved to dance to it more
than sing. Intruth, all the Christensens enjoyed
music, President David O. McKay once refered to
good music as a power that ''gentles the human
animal", Might we not call it the rainbow that
bridges earth with heaven?
