Time's Hourglass 464

and all of Else's people back in Denmark, Sx
perhaps her brother Mads Hvid, of whose deat

we have no account, He also outlived all of .
Christen and Anne's children, with the exception
of Caroline and "Chris Krat", Dear Patient,
sincere, devout and honest Grandfather Laurs. re4
Like his father, his word was as good as his bo ost
His principles were the highest and his ideals i
noble. He was humble - yet dignified; full of 8

humor - yet sensitive and Sympathetic to the
greatest degree,

He was a gentleman, a loving
husband and fathe r, and he was a loved and - h
respected grandfather, We shall always cheris
his memory.

xe * b 4 Me

_ Here ends the story of Laurs and Else &-
Christensen as far as this book goes. We who
have followed them were born into a world quité
diffe

ve
rent from the one in which they lived and
their patterns of life

. With their faith and work®
they helped to build this new world for us and 8
future generations, Itis a greater world, a mo
exciting world than they were given. It is oly,
yesterday that our pioneer grandparents walke

the earth and did the work they chose to do. eit
simply by doing well the things they did, with h™
vision cast afar, they helped to provide for us 5
Ours greater opportunities than they themselvé
had ever dreamed of, There have been more
changes since they passed away than in all ea
rimes of written history put together. Could th
have visioned, when they sailed the seas in 18° t
and walked across the plains to 'Zion Land", oe
liners traversing the skies from here to Denm@ nt
in a matter of hours? From sagebrush to ene te
d wagon to mooncraft, ir
ar - these are but a few eal
taken place since yestery

and steel, from covere
Pony Express to Telst
the changes that have

()
Truly, we ourselves may claim no honor, ©
reward, no respect, special position, recognitl?
or credit because of what our grandparents wer
or What they wrought. We can only set eternal
goals and try to emulate the greatness of the!”
characters and their devotion to service, and 1?
so doing bring lasting honor to their names. 1°
