863 Phillip Van Buren

tremendous amount of money Father invested was
not more productive. But anyway, I went to wo rk
for the Grand Deposit Mining Co., which was
about seventy miles northeast from Ely, Nevada.
It was quite an experience going down the shaft and
working in the mine. I had the usual trying exper-

iences of a 'green hand'. My main partner was a

fellow who had had some trouble with the Juvenile
Court and was on probation and he didn't spare me.
During the summer Father came out to the Mine on
different occasions and we talked about my contin-
uing on at law school, He told me that he would
help me but he wanted me to go full time. At the
end of the summer I was paid partly in cash and
partly in mining stock for my work; the latter I
sold at quite a disadvantage.

Francisco I had pur-

“While working in San
During my school that

chased a 1938 Oldsmobile.
Utah I was forced to

winter at the University of
sell it and took in as part payment an old Austin.
That summer of 1940 I drove it up to Wyoming to

work for the livestock company again and took my
younger brother Cullen and two other fellows with
me. Idon't recall how much money I was able to
save from my summer's work but though it was

‘t did help a little in getting
started back to school at the U of U that late fall.
Ihad pretty well concluded my law studies at the
U of U by Christmas of 1940, but had one or two
other classes J had to take. Father was still
helping me financially but I did what work I could.

"It was in the spring of 1940 that IJ met Gwen:-
first at the home of Mrs. Pardoe when I interrupted
one of her private dramatic lessons and another
time in Keeleys on East Center Street. And then

Richfield Drum and Bugle

I saw her leading the

e function at BYU. I recall her long
e and her beauty. I had
been with girls be d had thought I was in
love but I knew this wa That
summer I went down to see he
Richfield on one or two occasil
to Wyoming. And of course after sch
I came down from Salt Lake to Provo to see her
as often as possible, since She was again attending
