Other Dimensions 46

of Latter-Day Saints" (known as Mormons from
the title of a so-called new Bible they call the
Book of Mormon) is now sending representatives
to proselytize in Denmark. For the past dozen
years these Mormons, who style themselves also
Saints, have been preaching with good success
among the lower classes of England. We feel it
our duty to issue warnings to our brothers in the
north countries, having discovered for ourselves
the nefarious purposes to which these men have
put their religious teachings, They are recruiting
whatever members of the European working and
peasant classes they can find, who are ignorant
enough to listen and be influenced, taking them to
American West where they are treated as indentured.
servants,

", . . Some thirty-five thousand converts in

thirteen years have been made in England, of which
more than five thousand have emigrated already to
a barren wilderness they have the affrontery to call
'Zion', as if the wandering children of God were
being taken home according to the prophecies in the
Old Testament, . . We need hardly to point out that
this is a most lucrative business for the so-called
Authorities in America. They have now begun to
charter whole ships, which sail out of Liverpool,
their agents profiting from ship and railroad
rebates, as well as excess baggage charges,

while they fleece the poor and ignorant emigrants
at every step. But this is only the beginning of

the profit, of course, for the priesthood on the
other side of the Atlantic, and we are appalled to
consider the possibilities, once these poor people
are forced to labor as they are told or die in the
wilderness, Assistance is given them to leave
their homes, but none to return.

"This is an appalling story, a church that
dares to give itself a Christian name, proposing
to take the poor of the earth into an earthly heaven
and then, for unquestionable obedience, to eternal
rewards, Instead, the faces of the emigrants are
ground into the earth, 'tithes of time and toil' are
exacted from them, and their labor is exploited,
while they struggle to repay their debt to the agents
who persuaded them to the enterprise.
