545 Albert

when I reached college age he was seventy~four.
We worked out a fine relationship. I always thought
Of him as loving and kind, but the characteristics
I remember most were his great dignity, scrupu-
lous honesty, and his pride in us children, I
remember him saying on occasions when his family
was all gathered around him that he could not con-
ate of Heaven being much more wonderful than

is,

'l_ remember serious talks with Dad and I
recall the loving way he'd take my hand and would
rub my thumb and knuckles in a circular movement
of his large thumb, He placed constant emphasis
“pon us being more than just “scrub'* or common
run-of-the-mill, Somehow he managed to make us
Children feel that we had an obligation, because of
Our heritage, to be contributing, worthwhile mem-~

gale 4 Society. He would not compromise on the
Kind of school grades he expected. I usually left
at iat my grades on the mantlepiece where he
Ee his car keys and under which he always care-
ully placed his high topped shoes at end of day.
lic. 7 there was anything besides an 'A''on that
1St, no matter how many "A's" there were, he
would Say, ‘Well, let's see if we can do a little
etter next time, 1

‘ "Most of my life I felt th
© be very careful financially,

at it was necessary
although I know that

a, the time I began to grow up things were easier
an earlier, There always seemed enough money
All Dad

for muSic lessons and schooling however.
@sked in return was that we take advantage of these
°Pportunities, He wanted us to develop our talents

to the fullest. Countless times I have been grateful
©r the fine education he was willing to provide for

me,

"I can still remember the look of joy on my
Parents! faces when Dad came home from the office
Sometime during the last of World War II to tell us
he was finally out of debt. His honesty, integrity,
Courage and determination have been a great
‘NSpiration to me and helped me to understand that

fre is little in life that cannot be faced success-
ully in the long run, if these characteristics have
£en developed within. As the giver of gifts of life
