Phillip Van Buren 858

owning one of my own until after.I was married and
purchased one myself - and this for my daughter.

I remember when my cousins Joe Neff, Ralph and
Warren Riddle and myself, and perhaps others,
took the long hikes down to the Sanpitch River to

go fishing. We would fish in the 'black hole' and
catch chubs.and occasionally a carp or sucker.

We were mighty proud fishermen, and.after the
warm day wore on we would go swimming in the
'ploack hole', It didn't seem to bother us that —
there were dead sheep and likely a dead cow in’
the river just above where we swam. Then came
the long | trek home. As we came_up from the river,
hot, tired and hungry, we would often talk about
how wonderful it would be, as we rounded the next
bend, if we would see a saddled horse for each of
us tied there and our names printed on the saddles.
What dreams we had - -even in daylight !

"T recall when Grandfather Snow used to. take
-me fishing, and day of all days would be when he»
would call up in the afternoon the day before such

an event and say, 'Kaiser' - that's what they called
me along about the latter part of World Warl, He'd
say, 'Kaiser,;, dig some worms and I'll be down to
get you at 6:00 o'clock in the morning'. Sure
enough, at 6:00 o'clock here would come Grandfather
driving the buggy and I usually had the worms, We
had the long bamboo fishing poles with linen lines
and cork bobbers then, Those days when we went
to the reservoir fishing were great times in my
‘life. I got to drive the horse and buggy a good deal
of the way. “We would usually spend a wonderful day
fishing. One time I left my pole for a moment, held
by a stick; apparently a large carp got hold of the
hook and pulled pole and all out into the water and

I was unable to get it back; I imagined that the
culprit was the biggest fish in the whole reservoir.

''When Grandfather got his Chevrolet automo-
bile it was a great day too, but I must confess that
Iwas a bit apprehensive of some of the rides I took
with him, He didn't learn to drive until he was in
his seventies and then he was a 'real driver’. If
he ever hit a bad place in the road he felt that the
best way was to speed up and get over it ina hurry.
One time coming down Manti Canyon he ran right
