Christian 480

plenty of work to be done. Ranch work however
was interesting to us children and father seemed
to enjoy having us help with such things as separat-
ing sheep in the pens and getting lambs ready to
trail to market. When it was sheep shearing time
at the various shearing corrals, we loved to go
along and play on the giant wool sacks. We looked
forward to going with father to the many sheep
camps scattered throughout the area, for this
meant horseback rides through the mountains.

The Company owned a small ranch and lambing
ground in Chalk Creek Basin east of Coalville and
up over the mountain directly north of The Weber,
Trips were made there to get horses, etc., and
trips were taken to the company ranch at Upton,
which was also east of Coalville and where they
raised hay and grain and made butter and had a
place to feed the company's horses.

"But if this was called 'work' there was
plenty of time left for fun too. A short distance
from the two-story-ranch-house was a small lake
called 'Commisary Lake'. Because this lake had
no outlet its waters became quite warm in summer-
time and thus it became a favorite swimming hole
for the entire family. This was fun. It was fun
too for the whole family to spend time picking the
delicious wild raspberries that abounded in the
nearby areas, and make a picnic of it."

Christian purchased a part of the ranch known
as 'The Oasis'' near Lyman, Wyoming, as we have
heard, and about the same time he bought a dry
farm in Cedar Valley, west of Lehi, Utah and a
fruit farm at LaVerkin, Utah, in the Dixie country,
which his brother Andrew had interested him in.

It appeared quite evident that he had great hopes
for the future and that things ahead looked bright
for him indeed.

Pearl telis that her father never liked to use
the word ''goodbye''. It was always just ''see you
later" or ''so long''. As he left his home in Salt
Lake City that last time in late September of 1917,
he didn't say ''see you later'' but simply "so long".
In fact, as he left that last time, he returned from
the front gate to the front door three times to say
"so long" to his beloved wife, Caroline. That was
