807 Everett Hale

engineer, Though Father wanted him to start
college the next winter, Hale, always most con-
siderate and mindful of Father and others, decided.
against it, as excerpts from some of his letters at
that period show:-- ''Kamas, Sept. 24, '27 - Dear
Dad: Just a line to let you know I'm all right. We
are going to move from here on the first of October,
maybe sooner if the snow drives us out. I suppose
our next camp will be in the Ophir country. Two
of the fellows have quit. . . Ophir, Ut. Oct. 28, [27 -
Dear Dad: I have been keeping notes onthe rear
end of the chain for the last month and am doing all
right. The work gets tiresome at times, but I
suppose it's all for the best. I must try to Save
enough money this year to buy me some clothes
and to start my radio business going. I want so
much to help out ali I can. I'm not going to
school this year Dad. Iam going to build radio
sets, etc. I will not have to carry any overhead
expense, just keep enough parts on hand to fill
orders. in addition to this I am going to take a
drafting course from the American School, This
is a complete course in general drafting. Then
they give you a specialized course in one of five
branches, mechanical, architectural, structural,
electronic or automobile drafting, and guarantee
you a job on completion of the course. It looks
like a good layout and I know I can make it. What

do you think of it?"

Though father thought that Hale would have
done better to have ente red school, he did not. He
came home in time for the holiday season in Orem
and began taking an interest in some of the young
people there, although his heart was set on a girl
in Manti with whom he had kept company before
leaving there. He corresponded with Ada regularly
and began to think some of marriage. Sherman,
himself married and away attending law school in
Washington, D. C.; encouraged him in this but
Father, though he didn't say much about it to Hale
since it was his habit to let his children make their
own decisions as they grew older, felt that he would
be better off to get as well prepared as pos sible for
his life's work beforehand. In a letter to Sherman
datedUMay!! 47 41928," Pather! waere, "I don't know
just what Hale will do this summer. He talks like
