Arthur 636
Christenson, Prop. Home Like - Reasonable."

It was while ranching at Trout Creek, how-
ever, that Arthur's health began to fail desperately
and he was forced to return home, They were
shocked to see how pale and thin he had become,

A letter from Max to Gladys, 13 Oct, 1932, anda
postscript from Millie, follows: ''Dear Gladys:
How are you all up there? We are all fine except
Daddy. He is pretty sick tonight. I received your
present the day before my birthday and thanks very
much. Grace gave me a pair of cords. Mama gave
me shorts and shirts and sox and let me have a
party. When I got my money all together it made
$2.00. We invited fifteen boys with myself and
served punch and cookies and had a melon bust.
Just when we got the melon we saw some smoke
and the siren started to sound and boy, did we go!
Some man said of us - 'There goes the fire squad',
It was an old woodshed up by Mrs. Wilson's, Dave
has a swell new typewriter. It is soon halloween.
Mother is calling supper - so goodbye - Max.''! The
P.S, by Millie read: -- "Gladys, there isn't any-
thing much to tell you and Iam pretty busy. Have
a few railroad men and others here and Papa needs
waiting on. He is going to the hospital next week,
as soon as it is opened, amd stay until he is better,
It is sure hard on all of us. Dave is going deer
hunting next week - love, Mother."

A letter from Millie to Gladys, Oct. 15, 1932,
follows:-- ''Dear Gladys, I got your letter yesterday
just as we were leaving for Salina. I took Papa to
the hospital; he didn't feel as if he could make the
trip to Salt Lake. I'm almost afraid we've waited
too long and the future doesn't look too good, I
called Dr, Hagan Monday and he said to take him
to the Doctors Merrill. They gave him a thorough
examination and he was in no condition to have an
X-ray so he is taking medicine and trying to get
built up to have it next Monday.

"They found his blood pressure thirty degrees
too low and not enough red corpusles. They told
me on the side that he is in very bad shape and if
he ever gets well it will take months. They don't
think it's his stomach at all but in the blood, They
have sent some blood to Salt Lake to be tested for
