A Clear Call 316

from the open ditch the same as the neighbors, I
well remember when my father arranged to have

a well dug a little west of the old house and north-
west of the new. He showed Mr, William Wasden
where he desired the well to be, but Mr. Wasden
wanted to be sure that the place selected was a
place where water could be found, so he held in
front of him a forked limb, one hand upon each
prong and the main stick pointing directly in front
of him. He walked over to the place where father
had located the site of the well. This was ona
rather high area above the old home and the land
sloped eastward from here. He said that the stick
failed to indicate that there was water to be found
there. He walked all over the lot to the north and
whenever he got near the north boundary the end of
the stick would point, indicating (to him) the pre-
sence of water. Father went about his work.
Other members of the family, including myself,
were interested observers, Finally Brother
Wasden approached father to render his decision.
He said it would be useless to dig the well at the
place indicated by him, After some discussion
father said he didn't care where the water was, he
wanted the well dug at the place he had suggested
in the beginning. Brother Wasden protested,
stating that there would be no water there, ‘I don't
care where the water is' father repeated, ‘here is
where I want you to dig the well!' That finally
settled the matter and Wasden, with apparent fore-
bodings, started to dig the well as directed. It
was rather a slow process as it was necessary,
-after the first few feet, to dig through rock, In
the course of weeks, however, Wasden had dug to
about thirty feet when to his great amazement,
almost consternation, water gushed forth ina
veritable stream so that it became impossible to
sink the well farther. Wasden cleaned out the well
as best he could and then was windlassed out of the
hole with his tools, The well soon had some six to
eight feet of water in it, ample for all of our
domestic uses, That well served the family as
long as any of us lived there. As far as I know it
may still be there yet.'' Gunnison water with its
strong mineral taste was supposed to be rich in
magnesium, said to be most healthful for people.
