39 Other Dimensions

etc., were buried with corpses. . .. When the
farmer replaced the hunter there was a new type
of thinking, or what we might call a 'new religion’.
To plough the earth was to cause it pain, to clear
the forest was to offend it; therefore, sacrifices
had to be made to trees and stones and you had to
be friends with the sun, (Nothing was known of
the chemistry of the soil or of the sprouting of
seeds or plant diseases,) Whenever anything

went right or wrong, it was fate!"

Nordic mythology was the only religion of
the Scandinavians for ten centuries. This form
of believing followed the ''fate'' period among these
norsemen, When the Danes and their colleagues
‘began to feel a little better acquainted with the
vast unknown, the spirits, whom they feared or
worshiped, took the forms of legendary people,
‘gods and goddesses and demigods galore, to whom
they paid their respects,. Some of the days of the
week were named after various of these; for
example, Wednesday was for Wodin or Odin, who
ruled in the heavens, the great all-father god of
these early Danes. They thought he lived ina
palace made of gold and silver, called Valhalla.
Two ravens stood on his shoulders and he sent
them to fly around the earth to give him news of
all they saw and heard. Round him stood maidens
with helmets, spears and shields, called Valkyries,
who were sent down to earth to bring the souls of
heros slain in battle to feast forever with Odin in
his great hall Valhalla. When the thunder rolled
and the lightning flashed, in the course of a wild
storm, Danes would say, eyeing the sky, ''There
goes the mighty Odin and his warriors riding into
battle in their great carts, lashing their steeds,"'
Thursday got its name from Thor, ‘the‘strongest
of Nordic gods, who had a great hammer which no
man could lift, a pair of powerful gloves and a belt
which, when fastened round him, doubled his
strength. Sometimes when the thunder roared it
was not Odin riding, but ''Thor banging his huge
hammer", Friday was named for Frigga, wife of
Odin and goddess of marriage, supreme among all
the Danes' goddesses. The rainbow in the sky was
the bridge by which the gods rode to their home,
Asgard,
