Bested 100

first-born.) Mads said he had seen their visitor
of last Twelfth-Day, the tradesman's son, during
the retreat from Danevirke, and he had asked
about her. (So he was init also!) So far, Mads
himself was unscathed, but only heaven knew how
long that would be so, for hundreds were wounded
and dead already. (She had prayed nightly for
Mads safety, and the rest.) Her thoughts ran back
and forth continually. How frightened she had been
recently, the nights of Feb. 13th and 14th to be
exact, when that terrible wind visited Jutland,
blowing down houses and uprooting trees every-
where ina wild fury, as if heaven itself was in on
it! The very schoolhouse had seemed to rock to
and fro like a drunken man, and she had wondered

then if the great judgment was about to come upon
them.

Else drew a sheet of paper from between the
pages of her Bible, as she sat, and casting her
eyes furtively here and there to make certain she
was unobserved, unfolded it and read what was
printed for the dozenth time or more: "A Voice
of Warning! The day is at hand when kingdoms,
governments, thrones, are falling; plagues,
pestilence, famine are walking abroad; whirl-
winds, earthquakes, wars, proclaim the truth of
prophecy. . .'' It was foolish to chance being
caught with such writings - she must tuck the
Mormon tract back into the Holy Book again. As
she reached for the Bible to do so, a certain line
of type, where it lay open, held her gaze: "And I
Saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having
the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that
dwell on the earth, and to every nation and kingdom
and tongue and people, saying with a loud voice,
Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of
his judgment is come. . .'' Ja, Ja, this was the
very passage of scripture Elder Hansen had
referred to at their last meeting.

There were only girl students at the High
School now and they spent most of their time doing
war work, inquiring after their fathers, brothers
or sweethearts at the front, or discussing excitedly
all the news and rumors which came their way.
Their young voices shook with emotion when they
