Emigration 60

way. The Saints jogged along in fine style on those
early railroad trains at between 12 to 15 miles per
hour. Omaha to San Francisco was $40.00 by
train, "emigrant class'', These emigrant cars
were usually attached to freight trains. Yes,
emigration was like magic when one traveled ina
modern all-the-way-to-Zion-in-comfort company!

By the end of that century some 30, 000
Scandinavian Saints had migrated to the Rocky
Mountains, and they continued to "cross over",
hardy people of high character and dependability
with splendid reserve power, By far the majority
of these were from the little kingdom of Denmark,

It is a somewhat startling fact that just one hundred
years after the flame of the Gospel was first

kindled along the shores of the North Sea, 45% of
the total membership of the Latter-day Saint Church
was made up of Scandinavians and their descendants,
These plucky, sturdy people have been adding their
Strength to this church now for the last one hundred
and eighteen years; strength of numbers yes, but
strength of character and works as well. No other
strain or race has contributed more to the upbuild-
ing of the great western section of the United States
than the Danish and their fellow northlanders.

God has led a chosen people out of many
''Babylons'' by the mouths of his Prophets, Exodus
in the Bible, one of our earliest accounts of a
religious migration, tells how the children of
Israel wandered with Moses for 40 years in the
wilderness before they reached their ''Promised
Land''. The Book of Mormon gives a history of
the migration of another favored people who sailed
with Father Lehi across the great Pacific to distant
shores, seen by him in vision. The Puritans and
Pilgrims of the 1620s traveled in ships like the
Mayflower, to the rock-bound coasts of New Eng-
land to escape religious persecutions; and the
Mormon Pioneers of 1847, vanguards of thousands
who followed, crossed the great American plains
in search of a place where they too might worship
in freedom. The massive emigration of Scandin-
avian Saints who traveled equally long distances,
both by land and sea, to join the pioneers in Zion,
is just as great a movement as any of these. When
