71 Kjallerup

scratching their heads and talking over this and
that, since all men thirty or past could now vote
and had a greater say in matters,

Bd 3k 36 BS *

But the child Else knew naught of these
things; she was growing happily and healthily
under the loving care of Mor Mette and the proud,
watchful eyes of Far Anders, Truly she was after
their hearts! Before her second spring it was well
known in this Danish household that still another
child was on the way; and the father ploughed and
sowed and dreamed of many sons. The golden har-
vest was over and the threshing nearly done when,
on the 12th of Oct. 1848, another daughter came
to that home on the farm in Kjallerup. They named
this one Ane, after Ander's dead sister, with her
second name Kirstine, the same as Mette's, but
they always called her ''Stine'', She was the fairest
of little ones but less robust than the others, Now
Anders loved his children, but mayhaps he con-
sidered a majority of females on a farm a poor
arrangement. Possibly he mentioned to his wife
that henceforth they should sleep with an axe under
_ their bed; the old Scandinavians wagered this was
a sure way to get a boy. But whether or not he
did, or they did, nothing came of it; for on 23 Jan.
1850 another daughter arrived at their cottage,
She was tiny and sickly, so they had her sprinkling
right away and gave her the name of Edel Marie .
Andersen. She died a day past three weeks, 14
Feb. 1850. (Did Anders feel this to be a punish-
ment for his undue yearnings for a son?) Later,
on a bitter winter day, they took the little corpse
to the churchyard at Hvidbjerg to be buried, and
the Priest recorded her birth, christening and
death at one and the same time. If Else knew of
her wee Sister's passing she soon forgot; for
though she was extremely apt and quick to learn
she was, after all, only just past three when they
laid Edel in her grave.

As Else grew older there were short trips
in the wagon to think of; especially did she enjoy
going to church on Sundays at Hvidbjerg, in her
best frock, starched petticoats and cap (one always
wore the head covered in church) and little high-
