Byron Charles 756

area that day and when the house began to shake
she thought his father had run into it with the
wagon. There was some damage done by the
quake. On their place the old well sunk and the
city ditch broke, a neighbor's shed caught fire
and burned and the Richfield Tabernacle in
Sevier County cracked.

Byron was quite badly tongue-tied as a child
and couldn't talk plain. Even after several clippings
off andon, by Dr. Hagen, he still had some ticulsle,
In fact he says that even today he has trouble with
his W's, though we've never noticed it.
also a rather determined child, but whet
that from his Danish or his Swedish anc
cannot say. He sometimes took
on his father's pigs,

He was
her he got
estors we
his ill-temper out
of which there were usually
over a hundred. He would throw rocks at them or
hit them with sticks to make them Squeal. He
remembers that they used to Squeal real loud when-
ever grandmother Christensen came on a visit and
she would say, "those poor pigs are hungry"! and
go out and throw them some extra handfuls of
grain, She had a soft spot in her heart for pigs

yS Seemed to know when she was
around and took advantage of it.

Byron was baptized in the Manti Temple a
few weeks after he turned eight, 20 ‘Aug. 1912,
His mother took him there. There was another
boy from Gunnison there with his mother for the
Same purpose, and after he was baptized he
broke away from his baptizer and took a good
Swim in the font before they captured him and
brought him out for confirmation. This boy's
mother was so embarrassed She ha
over it. Byron decided that if he ¢
chance at baptism he would do the
he never got another chance,

rdly ever got
ver got another
same thing ~ but

He was about eight when he Started helping

his father on the farm, About his first job was
raking hay. He loved the farm and turned out to
be a farmer and cattle raiser for much of his life,
He says he was somewhat of a runt when he was a
boy but that when he started to Srow it seemed the
sky was the limit. He grew to be a tall, big fellow
with a big heart. School to him in his early years
