443 Time's Hourglass

moved along so rapidly. In seventy years one had
only 25, 000 days and 600, 000 hours to use and
cherish. There was no time to waste on useless
and shoddy things, only time for the best; and
what could be better than for a family to spend it
together enjoying each other while yet there was
time in which to do it? They talked of having a
family reunion the very next summer and likely

a committee was appointed to plan it and all
pledged to be present, And then they separated,
each family going its way, doubtless with renewed
resolve at léast to see their dear progenitors more
often and to keep in touch and cheer them on in
their declining years.

A month and a half later, 29 Nov. 1917,
Laurs went into the Manti Temple and did the
endowment work in behalf of his beloved son
Christian, Six days after that, 5 Dec, 1917,
Caroline and five of her living children went with
Laurs and Else to the Salt Lake Temple. Here
Caroline had her own endowments that day and
Else did the same work for the deceased Elora,
Then all of Christian's and Caroline's family, both
the living and the dead, were sealed together for
eternity, all but Pearl, and Laurs stood for
Christian while Else stood for Elora, Those on
the other side must have rejoiced on that occasion,
and those on this side of the veil who understood
rejoiced too,

Elvena (Vena) came back to her parents!
home in Manti to have her first baby. Her mother
Else took care of her, She was past thirty-one
years old and according to Tresia she had a very
hard time. The little girl was born 12 July 1918
and was given the name Vera, Vena was not yet
up and around when the Christensens began gather-
ing for their family reunion, nor was she able to
join to any extent in the festivities, We do not
know if George was able to come, but probably
not as he was usually with the herds of the Bennion
Livestock Company, and with a new member in the
family to provide for felt unable to miss his work
and the income it provided.

This family reunion was quite an affair,
according to the record kept by the then nearly
