157 Kobberod

18, Kobert, son, Dane; Maren, 16, Kobert, daugh-
ter, Dane; Pouline, 95, Kobert, Dane; Petrine, 7,
Kobert, Dane; Nielsine, 4, Kobert, Dane, (Some
mistakes are here noted since Karen was bornin
Gettrup, not ''Kobert'' (misspelling of Kobberod);
Maren was a few days of 17, not 16, and Pouline
was past 103, not 95. (It is probable that Christen,
like many fathers, could not remember the ages of
his own daughters.) The entry on the list directly
below that of the Christensens was for Else Kath-
rine Andersen, 19, born Hvidburg, spinster, Dane,
and then opposite her name, in the ''deposited"
column, appeared the number 80. .(We know Else
was born in Kjallerup, Hvidburg Parish.) In the
"deposited'' column opposite Christen Christensen's
name appeared the figures 440 - 170 - 270, and
farther over under the ''exchange'! column appeared
the figures 800 - 19 = 819. Inthe "foreign coin!"
column was listed "paid 410.00", . This has been
interpreted to mean that Christen Christensen
deposited 270 rigsdaler, plus the 170 previously
paid, or a total of 440 rigsdaler, for his and his
family's passage and railway tickets to ''Wyoming"
(listed under the ''remarks'' column.) 80 rigsdaler
were deposited in Else's name. Christen also
must have exchanged 819 Danish dollars for $410
in American money, and we are led to believe this
money was in gold coins, It was perhaps while
Christen was in Aalborg then that he was approached
on the subject of contributing to the "Church Immi-
gration Fund", This was a fund which had pre-
viously been set up by the brethren in Salt Lake
City, from which needy Saints could borrow for
their emigration passage to Zion. Members with
extra means, both in Utah and in the Missions,
were asked to contribute to this fund, We have
been told that our Christen Christensen was one

of the generous ones in the Aalborg Conference,
where the emigration of the Saints was concerned,

In the meantime, in Kobberod, Laurs had
made up his mind about something, but he was
having some difficulty in knowing just how to go
about it. Since his older brother Christen had
now taken off on his own and his father was gone
for a time, he himself, being the only man of the
family about, had much to do, inside and out, He
