941 Mabel Norma

Set our wedding date for September 20th.

"Sherman and Lois kindly consented to having
the marriage ceremony in their home at Provo,
and Father agreed to perform the rites - it seemed
most fitting that Father, as the patriarch of our
family and a champion of the law, be the person
before whom we pledged to love and serve each
other throughout our lives. Thus in a sweet and
simple home ceremony the evening of 20 Sep. 1947,
Reed and I became man and wife, with just a few
Members of the family present. Reed's brother
Ted was best man and my dear roommate Dell, a
bride of only four months herself, was my matron
ofhonor, The strength of the family name I was
now exchanging for another had been a gift to me
that I was beginning to appreciate more each day.

It had been a force in my life from which I rebelled
at times but which had served to protect and help
me whenever I was in need, I was now SO grateful
to be a member of the Christensen family.

"And Iwas, and am, grateful for my maternal

background. In Mother I had witnessed a conquest
of self far beyond my capability. Hers was an
in my life, but in its

€qually strong influence 1
subtlety went unrecognized for many years. Hers
in its self denial - its

was a truly religious soul,

unending love and compassion for the downtrodden,
in its willingness to accept the good wherever she
found it, I can think of very few instances in my
life when Mother's needs and desires were not
Considered least - and last. From the toil, the
Struggle with the poverty of the depression years,
the concern for family before herself, the love she
had for family, relatives, friends and neighbors,
there emerged a person who is the object of love
wherever she goes. No community or neighborhood
in which she has dwelt has remained untouched by
her kindness and goodness.

at age 84, almost blind and
very halt, she receives @ steady stream of little
visitors who love to be with her and affectionately
call her 'Grandma'. Letters arrive from all

sections of the country expressing love and appre-
Ciation for her. Her soul has reached out beyond

her failing body to embrace and comfort and love

'Kyven today,
