551 Albert

with a then undetermined illness, Albert divided
his limited time among them, doing whatever he
could for each, His father-in-law passed away

3 Aug. 1928 in Salt Lake City. Albert was on hand
when the end came and again at Manti when last
rites were conducted for the fine old gentleman,
Joseph S, Snow. Nov. 10, 1928 he was called
from Hale's sickbed to the deathbed of his own
father, L. M, C. Christensen, who was laid to
rest a few days later in the Manti cemetery and
whose suffering had been long and heart-rending.

Hale had been operated on that mid-July but
this failed to disclose the trouble or cure it. How-
ever a second operation near mid-October had
revealed his condition to be grave. After that he
never left the L. D, S, Hospital in Salt Lake City
until his death of internal cancer, 9 Mar. 1929,
Albert wrote of this:-- 'This morning at 5:40 a.m,
our dearest Hale passed away - that same wonder-
ful boy that he has shown himself to be throughout
this terrible but unequal struggle. While my heart
is grieved beyond words, I thank God that his awful
ordeal is over, His has been an example that should
help us all to carry on properly under all conditions,
His memory to me will be a staff for whatever may
befall us. I am proud to be the father of sucha boy,"

A little past five months after Hale's death a
baby girl, their third and last child, was born to
Albert and Myrtle. They called her Kathryn and
she brought a ray of bright sunshine from without
the gloom, But the sorrows went on. Before
Kathryn was a week old, Myrtle's beloved sister,
Ida Reid, was crushed to death in a car accident.
Myrtle held up bravely but there were still more
partings for her to endure, A bolt out of the blue.
came with word of her father's passing, the last
of November 1931, Myrtle's mother came from
Beaver to live with them then, but exactly one _
month after her husband's death, the sweet little
old lady was killed by a fall at the home in Orem,

In between these last two deaths, or 17 Dec,
1931, came word of the unexpected passing of
Albert's brother, Andrew, all alone in a strange
hotel in St. George, Utah. The grim reaper made
yet another call on Albert's loved ones when less —
