23 Peasants-Nobles-Kings

intent on quelling the trouble at its source. But on
the night of April lst a Jutlandic Squire, Niels
Ebbesen, crept in and slew the great Count in his
bed chamber, The news sped swiftly all around
Jutland and her peasants geared for battle, In the
face of it all the invading Germans lost their cour-
age and retreated south without fighting. Denmark
was saved! Niels Ebbesen became a national hero.
(There is a statue of him in Randers.)

King Valdemar 'Atterdag", sometimes called
"the evil" (1340- 1375), won little affection in Den-
mark but he won back the land, bit by bit, all
except south Slesvig, He was on his way to confis-
cate that when he suddenly died "of an unfortunate
remedy for curing gout.'"' (During his kingship the
terrible bubonic plague [Black Death] struck, claim-
ing almost half the Danish population.) Though he
had no scruples he was one of Denmark's most_
noteworthy kings, for what he accomplished was. |
short of miraculous. At his death his daughter. ;
Margaret (1387- 1397) wormed her way in and had
the. nobles proclaim her, not as queen: but as 'Dame.
of our Kingdoms, Master of our Houses, Mighty
Guardian". She united the three Scandinavian:
countries under one ruler, to be elected. jointly;..
and this union lasted, on and off, with Sweden for
126 years, but Denmark and Norway remained
united for 434 years (until 1814). , With Margaret,
the familiar intimacy of nicknaming Danish kings
ceased, then heraldic names were p sed * and later
numbers,

Sitting astride the "Sound", ‘Detimark had
controlled this entrance to the Baltic Sea, one of
Europe's busiest channels, since ancient times.
Her king, Eric of Pomerania (1397- 1438), anta-
gonized all the seafaring nations by introducing
"Sound dues'', He decreed that all who passed
through there ‘should pay toll, and to. make sure
he built huge fortified castles on either side, © |»
For 428 years the ships of all nations were obliged
to dip their flags, strike their topsails, and pay
'tdues'! when passing Elsinore (where Hamlet's
ghost once walked), This brought immense sums
of money to Denmark but endless political misery
as well, This king is described as having been
