817 Nephi Wesley

"Survivors include his widow and one son,
Dennis Wesley Christensen, Dividend; and one
daughter, Mrs. Eugene (Colleen) McGee and one
grandson of Boulder, Colorado; his mother, Mrs.
Millie Gudmundson, Salt Lake City; three brothers,
A. Melrose, Max and David, all of Salt Lake City;
two sisters, Mrs. Douglas (Grace) Larsen, Salt
Lake, and Miss Gladys Christensen, San Francisco,

California. "'

Wesley's wife, Rosaleola, or Leola, Burraston
Christensen (b. 2 Nov. 1912 in Goshen, Utah to
James and Ruth Esther Ercanbrack), now Mrs,
Curtis O, Montgomery of Sterling, Colorado, writes
of him:- "Wesley joined the service a year or two
after his graduation from high school. He spent
Several years in the Navy band. I don't remember
his rating.

''wes was known to be one of the best.
Swimmers around, in fact a beautiful swimmer.
There were so many things that were hobbies of
his and he was a master at all of them. Because
of his wonderful memory he was asked to participate
in various offices even after he became ill.

"Ee was very much like his father in many,
Many ways; being very quiet and so thoughtful and
kind, but in looks he favored his mother's side of
the family although many people mistook him for
his cousin Sherman Christensen in his last few
years, (They did look alike then). Wes was about
5'11" tall, with curly auburn hair, brown eyes and
a handsome straight stature (well disciplined), To
me he was almost perfect.

‘He died of kidney infection (nephritis) and
finally heart failure. I sensed something beautiful
about his death. He didn't attend church a great
deal except with me and when the children were
small, but he was a deeply religious man at heart.

"I met Wesley in Dividend. Iwas assistant
postmistress at the Tintic Standard Mining Co,
there for many years, I acted as such again for
a few months when he became ill and just before
he passed away. With the exception of some few
months in about 1928 when he left the mine to
help his father on a ranch, Wes was in the mining
