249 Gunnison Valley

account of her given in his autobiography, from
which we quote: ', , . As soon as arriving in the
United States she set about to learn to read English,
and while it was difficult to learn the language she
succeeded in being able to read and understand it
in avery short time, Needless to say, she was
exceedingly energetic in assuming the household
responsibilities, but aside from that she always
took an independent interest in public matters,

and especially in the health of the people in the
community and in the education of her children,
The two older boys were taught early to read so
that when they first attended school they were able
to commence in what was then called 'the third
reader', After her general housework was done
she usually engaged in carding and spinning, and
each day the children took their turns at the side
of the spinning wheel and had their lessons in
reading, While she was unable at first to pro-
nounce the words so that in that way she was not
only the teacher, but was also taught the pronuncia-
tion of English words, This love of education and
improvement was one of her outstanding charac-
teristics,'' The women all helped each other
according to their special talents, Cheerful co-
operation made the many working bees - sewing,
quilting, rug-making, apple drying, squash drying,
corn husking, etc,, - into social events. Else was
an excellent mixer for she was always sympathetic
and willing to ''go the extra mile".

The Christensen family clothing was mostly
fashioned from cloth of her own making or that
exchanged for sick duty and such, Excellent —
trousers for little boys could be made from seam-
less sacks and straw hats by picking out the finest
straw, soaking it in water until it could be braided
and then shaped over a pot or bowl to dry. Most
small children were scantily dressed in summers
and ran without shoes. Hand-loomed and ‘hand-
sewn clothing lasted a long time and could. be -..
passed down, or made over, sometimes for: gen-
erations, Women's shoes were often made from.
any coarse Cloth that they could find. Some were
fortunate enough to procure leather moccasins
from friendly Indians for a bit of wheat or flour.
Brigham Young once told the early settlers that if
