521 Joseph

at the time of his death.

mrake, noe Christensen (son) was also very
neat in the civic affairs of both Gunnison and
a Tous Valley. He served as Gunnison's Mayor,
ter own President as it was then called, for two
of ps of two years each. It was during his tenure
ran ice, Sept. 1909, that Gunnison obtained the
paiva tee making it a third class city, About the
n De time the Gunnison water system was created.
€cember that year a law was passed limiting
ae tax allowed in the area to the valuation of the
“perty, In March 1910, also while Joseph was
ant the electric power company brought lights
4wnison, His was a productive administratian.

Bictyacene of Joseph's other public services
Of th ee being Secretary to the Board ci ee ee
Sa, © Gunnison Valley Bank; secretary for the; 50u

"Pete District School Board; secretary of the

onnison Telephone Company; a member of the
ofthe of Sanpete County Commissioners; president.
and i Sanpete-Sevier Beet Growers Association,

Ss, €ad of the Gunnison Valley Swine Breeders

°Ociation, Indeed he held many public positions
a during his lifetime, for he was a worker

he loved Pe dose

Bay Je Seph owned a fine farm east of
butt. a nice three-room house with a pee:
or} ©n this farm to house an occasional overt ¢
it wreorer and his family. In fact we unde olen '
tata first built for a Danish emigrant cougin 7
father's, her husband and ‘two dapghters, When

8 i $ ry
“id husband, Niels Jensen, was given employment
: k over this

re by J ally too
fi y Joseph, Harold eventually
Bene and tald about it in his history:-- pare
‘8 Married | had worked with father on the at
Sent School and in summers. After Herma and
“© Married we first lived in town, but moved to

Gunnison.
front porch

t

we farm 1 Jan. 1919 when our first ek eee
B ‘ eets, -

and ‘xX months old, We raised sugar in the

“attle."" Tod st farm is still
r8tensen fais ete owned by Harold's son,
e €r, and now one of the finest cattle farms in
ar area. But Joseph owned and developed othe Ae
to ping land around Gunnison Valley and, according
1S Son Myron, it was one of his greatest
