51] Andrew

"Mother was faced with raising us children who
Were still at home with hardly any provided funds.
© were all made to realize the severity of the
Problem and from the day we laid our father to
oeae there wasn't much childhood left for any

Not long before his death, Andrew had done
. = work for a firm in California; from this
i ee received $300.00. This, together with some
OU ay Emigration Canyon, were all the financial
assets Andrew left to her. Sarah had long since
turned to her sewing skills to supplement their
‘ncome, Edythe was married. Wendell and Sheldon,
faving returned from their missions which she had
nanced by that sewing, were now on their own,
aS was twenty-year-old Luther. With her two
f. maining daughters, Lucile and Margaret, Sarah
aced the world and faced it bravely. She had
°arlier borrowed money for the down payment on
é large old home on South Main Street, not far —
"Om the red-brick home they had rented but which
— been Practically sold out from under them.
Uther helped with the further financing of this
Place, Jp fact, all her children were helpful and
Onde rful to her in her widowhood. In this new
°cation she had continued her sewing business
and upon Andrew's death she added to her income
y boarding and rooming teachers from the nearby
“oo School. The two younger girls helped with
is,

, "Sarah's veal cutlets and lemon meringue
Ples, her freshly painted rooms with airy curtains
ae Snowy white linen, her yard with its varied

Soms and well kept garden, gave these people

2 feeling of home away from home, and they
days were long

it. And although her
a, demanding, often continuing late into the night,
. never left her girls for outside employment.

Instead she took time and energy to walk with ihc
he streetcar to

© mile to Liberty Park or ride t
© end of the line ‘just for fun', On Saturday
ed, best

Nights F repar
» Part of Sunday's dinner was Pp Pp .
Clothes Es . d and the house left in
Pressed and polishe sie week's problexié

SPotless ord
er. The next day, i
= Struggles were laid aside and the beautiful,
