Vikings 16

amidship; clinker built of solid oak planks fastened
with tree-nails and iron bolts and caulked with cord
of plaited animal hair; with sixteen oars per side,
varying in length between 17 and 19 ft. and beauti-
fully shaped with the mast 40 ft. high. It could
carry a smaller boat or 'dinghy', a crew of fifty,
and if necessary another thirty warriors or captives,
in all weathers, and could ride out the fiercest
storms of the Atlantic Ocean. Such were the
vessels which in many different sizes bore the
Vikings to the plunder of the civilized world, to
the assault of Constantinople, the siege of Paris,
the foundation of Dublin, Ireland, as well as many
parts of England and the discovery of America",
Their pictures rise before us vivid and bright:
their finely carved dragon-shaped prows; their
high curving sterns; their long rows of shields,
black and yellow, alternately ranging along their
sides ~ the gleam of steel, the scent of murder.
Yet these super instruments of sea power would
have been useless without the men who handled
them; all were volunteer leaders of marked ability
and as good at the helms or oars as they were with
their swords. We are told that men between 16-60

were chosen but none without atrial of ability and
strength,

And then one came who was able to halt the
on-rushing might of these overwhelming Danish
Vikings, or at least to temper it. Had it not been
80 all England would have been put under the yoke
of these plundering settlers. That one was Alfred,
a Saxon king called ''The Great", partly because of
his ability to challenge these warriors and some-
times win. All through the years of his reign King
Alfred's armies and those of the Danish Vikings
waged deadly war, with little to show on either side
much of the time but scars and corpses. Though
it was more than a century after his death before
the Age of the Vikings came to a close, yet he
showed that they could be stopped and pointed the

way whereby his descendants took up the success-~-
ful challenge.

, Sir Winston Churchill, in his chapter on the
Vikings, found in his ''History of the English Speak-
ing Peoples'' (Vol. 1) - from which much of this
