619 Louis

Then he would go back to Lyman to pay current
bills, then he'd start the travel routine again. I
used to drive him from Salt Lake home to Lyman
about every other week and clean his house through
for him. I always drove up to Lyman and back on
Saturdays as I had to be back to Salt Lake for Sun-
day church commitments and back to work on
Monday.

"On Saturday, the last of January 1959, I
drove father home to Lyman. When we entered
the house the bathroom floor was partially torn up,
a strange tie was on the buffet and the quilts I
always used to make a bed on the davenport were
gone, Father looked in the closet and said his gun
was gone too. I was upset and worried, Many con-
victs had threatened his life over the years. I
begged him to come back home with me but he
refused, saying he had to pay current utility bills
On Monday. Monday night I phoned him from Salt
Lake to see if he was alright, as Iwas so worried
for fear someone had been in his house who meant
trouble. But father said he was Ok. #

Weldon writes: - ''Dad had been one of the
best sheriffs Evanston or Lyman ever had and his
record in Evanston proved it. He destroyed more
Stills during those bootlegging days than any other
law enforcement agent. (We have pictures of stills
being destroyed by him. ) But you know, there ~
were people calling him up on the phone during his
last days. His phone would ring and when he'd
answer 'Hello! there would be no answer. I know
this to be a fact as | was at his house and close to
the phone on two separate occasions when calls
Came, I have no idea how many calls of this kind
Dad had, but it was evident that someone was try-
ing to frighten or confuse him. We wondered if it
was some.of the people he had arrested over the
years who had threatened at the time to ‘get him'
Or 'to get even'. It was a constant worry,

"One night Beth, my wife, and I saw the
shadow of someone walking between Dad's house
and ours, We could see Dad through his lighted
window walking around inside his house and there
was the outline of someone walking between our
house and his lighted window. Beth and I took out
