139 Kobberod

after his death all three of the girls had married:--
Maren, 20 Oct, 1844 to Niels Thomsen; Ane, 2 Mar,
1845 to Poul Jensen; and Karen, two and-a-half
weeks after Ane, 25 Mar, 1845 to Christen Chris-
tensen of Flarup. All three couples were married
in the Parish Church in Gettrup and, strange as it
may seem, all took up their first residence in
Kobberod, although Ane and her husband later
moved to Hellerslev, nearby. The girls' mother
more than likely moved to Kobberod too and took |
turns living with her daughters, although she must
have spent most of her time with her youngest,
Karen, because she needed her the most. Maren
only had one son, young Christen's age, while

Ane had two girls and two boys but lost the first
girl soon after birth. ;

Karen's mother must have been with her
when her first five babies were born, and also
there to give aid and comfort when wee Ane
Marie had died, the first child to leave the nest,
Bedstemd¢der Marianne herself had been the next
one to go, passing away just seven months after
her tiny granddaughter, 25 Mar, 1852, which
happened to be Karen's and Christen's seventh
wedding anniversary. They had the church bell
tolled for her, and the funeral and the '"'dirt cast-
ing'', and laid her beside her husband Lauritz in —
the churchyard at Gettrup where they had so
recently placed little Ane. Marie to rest, There
were so many of their kindred at rest there in
that Gettrup Parish churchyard, and more to
come, It was Karen's uncle, the widower Peder
Jeppesen, a brother of her father, who had taken
his place there next, having died just a month
after Marianne. Then one by one, within the next
few years, three more of Karen's babies had been
buried in that same burial ground. It wasn't long
before the newer graves had hedges growing all
around, with flowers blooming inside in summers
like all the others; mute evidence that. love, birth
and death, the tapestry of life,. is little altered,
in the main, no matter when or where its threads
are woven, But death had seemed to strike so
often there then. It was small comfort that the |
churchyards were sometimes far more beautiful
than parks, with their white churches hovering
