965 Kathryn Christensen
there in Orem are bright spots of memory.

"Duties of childhood were certainly reason-
able. Working in the garden with Dad, helping
Mother to can fruit and vegetables, occasional
dishes and housecleaning seem to have left lots
of time for what friends could be gathered from
far and near, Idid pick strawberries, raspberries
and other fruits for Virgil Cordner, Philo Edwards
and Wilford Stubbs, for this is the way I earned my
spending money. I preferred picking fruit to baby
sitting greatly since my first couple of experiences
at that were so ghastly.

"Grade school memories have condensed
down to glimpses of my teachers, my playmates,
and a general feeling that I did well. Junior high
school was a thrill for many reasons. I met, for
the first time, another child Republican other than
Jeanine Watkins. Other Republicans from the
Lake View and Vineyard areas were encountered
for the first time. It was during this first year in
Jr. High school that I became acquainted with most
of the sweet friends that were to be my dearest and
most constant companions all of the way through
high school: Jeanine Watkins, Marilyn Christensen,
Alene Edwards, Donna Christensen, Myrlene
Smith, Carol Stubbs, Beth Jones, Joan Stewart,
Marie Rohbock, Marjorie Clemens, Pat Yager,
and for a few years, Katherine Tapp. We called
ourselves 'The Terrible Twelve' and for the years
when Katherine Tapp lived inthe area, 'The Icky
Thirteen’; but as I look back upon our activities
we must have been the most innocent teenagers.
imaginable. Our parents gave us a great deal of
freedom, partly because they all knew each other
and because, in my memory at least, we never
disappointed them. We had such fun times at the
Girls' Home, Carl Young's cabin, the various
school activities and the many parties at our
homes. It became a tradition to have a sleeping
party just before Christmas, The first one was
at our home, All of these girls were active in
studentbody affairs and had such delightful person-
alities. I count these marvelous friends as some
of my greatest blessings.

"In junior high and high school, in addition
