473 Christian

home, which was about two blocks west of Main
Street, It was of white rock with five rooms and
was tastefully furnished and had handmade carpets
throughout. I myself, their oldest child, was a
year old when we moved into this home.

‘Soon after we moved in the folks planted
shade and fruit trees, berry bushes, flowers and
@ garden on the place. Since father Christian was
away so much of the time, this left a lot of respon-
Sibility to mother Caroline". An amusing incident
18 told by their eldest son Elmer, in regard to his
father's long absences from home:-- ‘When I was
young, father was away most of the time with the
sheep and later, when I was at the ranch or with
the sheep myself, he wasn't there with me either.
I remember one time while I was real young and
we were still living in Gunnison, he came home
One spring after having been out on the desert all
Winter, His whiskers were long and red and I
didn't know who he was. When he came ove? and
kissed mother I was shocked. After he left I told
her I was going to tell father that she let that man
with the red whiskers kiss her, but she only laughed.
After father came back from the barber shop with
the red whiskers all gone, of course I recognized
him and told him about the red whiskered stranger
kissing mother - he sure got a kick out of that!"

"Christian's employer, Julius

Pearl i : :
ey ng, but Chris

Christensen, died while still quite you
was asked to continue working for his company until
they sold out, which left him with all the majo"
responsibilities for quite some time. But he was
equal to it. After the company sold out, Chris was
left with quite a few sheep of his own. Later he

ught a few more and then went into the sheep |
business with Lafe Bown, also of Gunnison. This
Partnership lasted for many years and was most
Successful.

"Tafe and Christian ran their sheep up
Twelve Mile canyon in summers and on the west
desert in winters, Their company owned a sepa-
rating corral south of Fayette, where they
S€parated their sheep both spring and fall.

hristian spent many a cold, hard winter going
back and forth on the west desert with the sheep.
