541 Albert

school came rather unexpectedly soon after. About
dusk, 11 Aug. 1897, as Albert approached home,
he was met by Henry A. Kerns, 2 local sheepman,
and offered the job of taking 4 train load of sheep
back to Kansas City. He accepted immediately,
€ven though he was to leave by early morning less
than two days later. He realized that this was the
Opportunity he had been waiting for. He said, "My
heart was beating rapidly as 1 arrived home. I
told father and mother of my decision and received
their bles sing.

''The next morning at daybreak I was on my

Way to the Manti City Savings Bank with my horse
and rubber-tired buggy. lI hoped that by borrowing
enough money to pay my tuition for the first year I
pp Somehow make my way through law school.

was kindly granted a loan of $200, although I
already owed the bank $500 on my previous school-
ing. I arrived home after dark. Mother had my
Underwear, sox, extra clothes and other personal
effects already packed in a telescope case. e
ee my only good suit which I had worn that

ay and packed that. At about 3:30 next morning
we left for Gunnison depot. No one except father
and mother was on hand to bid me \Godspeed', yet
With their faith in me I was sure I would not fail. a

Yes, Laurs and Hlse Christensem his loyal
and caring parents, stood encouraging and cheering

aoe the sidelines every worthy ambition and
Ccomplishment their children unde rtook. It was
perhaps 4

han atter of great love; but then again a
ta matter of pride also. Something outstanding
Culd come out of Little Denmark!

t, in company

So A is way eas
lbert went on his y d for the Kan-

With several carloads of lambs boun
a City market. He had only been out of the

tate of Utah once before and then no farther than

enver. Along with him also were his telescope
Case and a few law books, into one of which had

fen tucked a picture of Miss Virginia Snow. He
was well prepared, however, for his schooling at
me University in Ann Arbor, and in two years
Completed the regular three year law course and
Secured his coveted ''gheepskin". This was not
done without sacrifice, long hour® of grilling study,
