399 Dreams Come True

(A copy was sent to Louis D. Christensen, -
21 Apr. 1912, )

ste ste ste ste ste
PS a8 a8 a8 BS

In Thisted they secured a ''Haandbog for 3
Klasse'' from one P. Andersen, and then it was
back to Copenhagen for them again, by train and
ferry. Here they mailed a few letters of thanks
back to their loved ones in Jutland and sent along
a few gifts of money to the nieces who had been so
helpful during their visit. Then they sailed away
from Old Denmark and her green islands about
mid-October 1910, on one of the big ocean liners
owned by the ''Scandinavian-Amerika Linie', This
should have been a fine trip for Laurs and Else
since neither of them ever suffered from seasick-
ness, having been raised to the lullaby rhythm of
the sound of the sea, However, th: y were plagued
by a shortage of money, doubtless having overspent
a bit "putting on airs'' in Denmark that they could
hardly afford; though it must have been well worth
it to be able to impress their kinfolk there. If
Else was inclined to fret about it Laurs probably —
smoothed things over with a shrug and some com-
ment such as:-- ''Well, better to be poor and right
than to be poor and wrong", having in mind their
Danish relatives utter lack of interest in the
Gospel, as well as their modest circumstances,

It took nine days to cross over and, upon
docking in New York City, the two found it nec-
essary to telegraph home for additional money
with which to continue their westward journey.
While they waited, uncertain about the outcome,
they likely busied themselves writing cards and
letters, not only to their many children but to
their Danish loved ones as well to let them know
of their safe arrival inthe U. S, A., and probably
adding a postscript about being found financially
embarrassed in New York, and of course making
a joke of it. But it must have been no joke to be
found so, Cousin Byron Peterson remembers his
mother, Emma, telling about receiving an urgent
request for help from her stranded parents in New
York, and of hurrying down to the Gunnison tele-
graph office to wire them some money. In her
haste, however, Emma stumbled and fell in the
