321 A Clear Call

Bedsted, Hurup, Ydby, Lyngs, Hvidbjerg and
Oddesund du Nord. However the train runs so
slow you almost get places as fast when Mikkel
Skaarup delivers his meat by horse.

"Yes, you can believe it will be nice when
you come and I guess I am the one who can, best
of all, close my door and go with you - so you
shouldn't be so anxious to get me married off!
But believe me little Else, Ihave had my part of
trials and tribulations but these can wait to be
told until we can be together in a short while, if
it may happen. But I have lived as rich a youth
as is granted only a few. I have enjoyed a good
life ever since my earliest childhood and I will
continue to the end. I pray the Lord every day
that he will give me strength and that he will lead
me, whether it be through married or single life.

'Tell Kristjan (they called Laurs that)
'Hello', we would like to know him personally.
Karen has a good spacious cottage. There. is
room for much good at a place like that - it is
the best place I know. I have spent many happy
days there, But you must not think anything else
but that sister Stine's and brother Mads' homes
are happy and pretty too. It is fortunate that you
write on good paper for believe me your letters
are getting read diligently. You apologize for
your letters without reason, but ours need toler-
ance. It makes us and many others happy that
you remember your native language so well. We
are all fine. Ido not know if they will all write
this time, if so their letters should come today
so they can be sent together, You have all come
closer to us lately. My address is - Cook Marie
Andersen, c/o Bricklayer Hansen, Stationsvejen
No. 310, Thisted, Jutland,, Denmark."

Else's eyes were wet long before she had
finished this letter. All the homesickness ofa
quarter of a century welled up within her. and
spilled over. Oh to hear the sound of the sea and
taste its salt on her lips again - to greet her
sisters and brother Mads once more - to lock
arms and walk and talk with them as of yore - to
sit together in the quiet of the evening and watch
the moon come up out of nowhere! But there was
