855 Henry Marvin

streams were enjoyed by them for these purposes,
The Christensen boys were welcomed by the young
people of the small village of Fayette and they had
lots of good times. Marvin began keeping company
with a local girl, Elva Eliza Olsen (born 23 Oct,
1912 in Fayette to Joseph and Dora Mellor Olsen),
The two were married in the Manti Temple 1 July
1931, when Elva was going on nineteen and Marvin
was not yet twenty.

The couple procured a farm west of Fayette
where Marvin farmed but they lived in Fayette,
And though Marvin was brought up as a farmer,
he had a liking and talent for building also, He
built the home they lived in - tore down an old
rock church storehouse and used that rock for the
walls, He and Elva had five children, two dying
soon after their births, But shortly after fourteen
years of marriage the couple were divorced, 17
Aug. 1945. The three surviving children, ages
thirteen to seven, went with Elva, who stayed in
the area, She also received the home and farm.
Later she remarried and moved to Salina, Utah.

Marvin left Fayette and moved north to the
area of Lehi, Utah, where he operated a’ church
farm for a few years. During these past years he
has had a truck service and done some building of
homes, etc. It is said he built the home in Lehi
where he and his second wife now live. He ©
remarried 26 Feb. 1946 in Elko, Nevada a young
divorcee, Mrs. Lois Marie Ferguson Winterton
(born 21 Apr. 1922 in Sandy, Utah to Stanley W.
and Dorothy Larson Ferguson), Lois had two
young sons, ages seven and almost five. Marvin
raised these boys until they married and left the
home, but he never adopted them, He and Lois
have four children of their own, three sons and
one daughter, 7 Gf

Marvin, like the other sons of Joseph and
Roxie Christensen, is a big fellow, He has gone
into building almost wholly now as an occupation -
houses, garages, fireplaces - and what have you.
The four children are still at home and all teenagers
together and all in school, Being father of nine
children and stepfather of two others, has kept him
busy over the years, There have been thorns and
