435 Wyoming Interlude

horses out and saved the pigs and the barn, but all
the crops - a whole years work - were burned to
the ground, Soon some people came from Lyman;
they had seen the flames from that distance,
Someone went for father and he came the following
night,."'

We now go on with Uncle Lou's story:-- "On
the 30th of September 1917 I was home with my
family and Dewey Rawlins was there with me,

_ This night we went up west of our place and then
Dewey went south to circle around the south and
east side of the place while I was going to the
west. When I got up on the hill I saw my brother's
place burning and I ran over there. Later Dewey
came over and Iasked him, 'What about my place?!
He ran back towards my place. A little later I
started back towards my house and then I heard
some shots in that direction and started to run.

As I was running along towards my home I came.
near what is called 'the Old Bedstead', on the
bench, and here someone shot at me and struck
me through the coat, though the bullet only

grazed my skin. When I reached the house,
Dewey reported to me that he had seen a man west
of the house and had shot at him several times, It
was now about 11 P,M, Later we tracked two _
horses from my brother, C, I. Christensen's
place to my place, where they separated upon the
hill west of my house, Later they had joined again
and we tracked them towards Lyman,"

Here is the statement of Deputy Sheriff
Twombly of Uinta County about his activities the.
Same night:-- 'On Sunday, 30th Sept., I went to
Lyman and on out to C, I, Christensen's, while
the stacks were still burning, I found tracks close
to the stacks, There was one horse track that I
tracked from the hill to L. D, Christensen's house
and to within 40 yards of the house, It looked as
though the horse was there tied and that a man got
off and went down from the hill, from which, near
to the Christensen house, I followed his tracks to
within 50 yards of it and into the potato patch south-
west of the house, It appeared as though he stopped
here and then left running, He ran out of the potato
patch and up towards the old bedstead that is
