OW Way of War

Jutland and Denmark braced herself for the attack
as, hour after hour, the fighting front came closer,
The final phase of World War I! was enacted,
literally, on the Danish border, When word

finally got around that the Nazis had capitulated,
Danish resistance groups began settling accounts
and taking care of a few matters, and the Germans
and the Danish traitors couldn't get out of the
country fast enough! In Denmark there was the
biggest festival of all:--cheering, laughing, dancing
in the streets, and Danish flags flapping all over.
She was saved again.

In the thousand years in which history has
accounted for the royal heads of Denmark, there
have been over a half hundred ruling there--good
kings, bad kings, a dead one and a mad one, and
one uncrowned queen, By far the majority of
these have been sober-minded, sensible people.

It seems that there has always existed in Denmark
an ancient, unfailing ability to choose, more or
less, the right leaders. Frederick IX is ruling
there now and has been for the past 22 years
(1947- ). Greenland has been made a Country
instead of a Colony, one house of the Danish
Parliament has been abolished, ''Landsting", and
women lately have at last been given equal rights
to become Danish rules, just as men. Since
Frederick IX has no sons, his daughter Margrethe
is heir apparent and will likely become Denmark's
first crowned queen, The feeling still persists
that in Denmark, in spite of the blackest days,
things can never go really wrong; for she has
always pulled through in the past. But--her
position at the gates of the Baltic is still vulner-
able, as always, and one cannot help but think
that Russia (the Great Bear) has her eyes on her
and is mightily interested in seeing how she handles
herself and that gateway. Then, during the last
few decades, Denmark's government has leaned
heavily toward Socialism. One cannot help
wondering if freedom once again is gasping for
breath in that lovely land of the green islands.
War is not always the way.
