281 Brown Kit

girls and four active boys besides. Then there
was the problem of money -- of this they had little
and none at all to spare for the various expenses
that would have to be met if she went away to study,
€ven for a short period. But Else was a woman of
unusual faith. She had made difficult moves and
decisions before in her life and she knew that if
this course was important to their future, the way
Would be opened for her to accomplish it. She
Sought help in prayer.

Then word came of the tragedy that had
Struck the Myrups in Gunnison. Again we quote
from the rememberings of Lois M, Anderson:--
"My father was 9 years old. He had been told to
watch his baby sister, Karen Laurine, who was
less than two years old, (Her cousin Emma's
age.) Like most little boys he got inte rested in
Something else and forgot the little sister and she
fell into a cistern or barrel of water and was
drowned, " (Niels Christian Myrup grieved about
this the rest of his life and never got over feeling
that he was responsible.) Maren was well along
with her sixth child at the time and this was hard
On her indeed. That Laurs and Else drove to
Gunnison to offer aid and comfort can well be
imagined, for this was a close-knit family. And
that Else at the time had grave misgivings at the
thoughts of leaving her own baby Emma and her
Other children, can also be readily believed. Her ¢
dreams must have been troubled as she went on
With her planning and preparation to leave her
family for awhile. She wished before leaving,
however, to see Maren safely through her delivery.

On 10 May 1879, just two months following
the sad death of her baby girl, Maren gave birth.
to her fourth son, Joseph Henry Myrup. The very
next day Else left home to take the train to Salt
Lake City, where medical training was available,
Laurs drove her in the wagon to the railroad
terminal at York, just over the Sanpete County
line into Juab. Here she took the train headed
for Salt Lake City. She had borrowed money for
her ticket and a little extra from a friend, She
had arranged also for a Sister Anderson to look
after things at home in her absence. No doubt
