United Order 276

twenty and keeping company with a fine young man
by the name of Jens Mikkelsen, Christen and Anne
had another son, born 10 Jan. 1877 whom they
named Joseph, Lars: Myrup and Maren, keeping
pace, had a dainty little daughter born 4 June 1877,
whom they named Karen Laurine. Pauline had
gotten over her grief at losing two little sons, one
after the other in the cradle.as it were, when she
gave birth to a lovely baby daughter on 13 June.
1876.. They had named her Annie Lenora, after
Anne (the American spelling was Annie). The news
in Gunnison that had them all talking, however, was
Lars Myrup's goinginto "polygamy" and taking two
more wives besides Maren, —

Plural marriage was not a general law for
the entire church and was never, at any time,
practiced by over 2 percent of the eligible adult
male population. Those who were permitted to |
practice it officially were chosen for their unques-
tionable integrity and good standing, and undoubtedly
believed plural marriage to be a doctrine of divine
origin. The majority of men and women who
embraced it were among the most moral people
the world has ever known, Through this social
order the great surplus of female Saints in the
church were given protection and absorbed into
useful family life. That some of the finest people
of the church and of the world came from such
plural households is an undeniable fact. But
despite all the social reasons that may be advanced
in its favor, it must be admitted that it was directly
contrary to the tradition of the people, both in and
out of the church,

Perhaps no doctrine of the early church so
caused dissention within or without the organization
as did this so-called "polygamy". | It is a fact, sad
to say, that a number within the church abused this
law. From them and ever-malicious Mormon-
haters, rumors flew on the tongue of gossip and
were multiplied and enlarged, causing abuse, _
ridicule and slander of the church and its people
to such an extent and created such a stir among
its enemies and the press, that the United States
Congress was inveigled into passing a number of
“anti-bigamy'" laws, one after the other, the last
