195 Westward

emigrants received was in part responsible for the
heavy death rate. Just before their train arrived
in St, Joseph, Missouri, one of the passenger cars
took fire and it was with great exertion that the sick
were removed from it to escape being burned to
death, At St. Joseph a number of the sick and
dying had to be left in the hands of wicked people,
Their friends obtained no further knowledge as to
their fate, and never learned whether they were
buried alive or killed by force, for the people

with whom they were left were so hateful that they
seemingly thirsted for the blood of the Saints. On
the voyage by steamer up the Mis souri River, nine
of the remaining emigrants died, four of them
being buried in the river one night and five the
next, This poor reduced 'Cavour'' company finally
arrived at the landing near Wyoming on Aug, 11th

1866.

When these emigrants were taken into camp
at Wyoming, sick and weary, there was little time
for them to rest. Capt. Abner Lowry's train of
Church teams had already waited long for their
arrival and it was now So late in the season that
the start across the plains could be postponed no.
longer if they hoped to get across the mountains
that year, Consequently, this cholera-infested
company had to get ready in the greatest haste for
the long and tedious journey. Two days after their
arrival at. Wyoming, on Aug. 13th, these emigrants
left there, together with the Christensens and
others who had been waiting for them. Thus one
of the most pitiable treks of any of the Mormon
Pioneer companies began, This was the tenth
and last Pioneer company to cross the plains that
year,

As had been the case with the other Church
trains, the emigrants had been assigned to their
wagons, ten or twelve persons to each wagon, and
moved their effects thereon. There were about
sixty ox-teams in all in charge of Capt. Abner
Lowry. (This was the last year that emigrants
traveled all the way from the Missouri River to
Salt Lake City with ox-teams, as the Union Pacific
Railroad was being built from Omaha westward
and the following year (1867) was opened for
