Kobbe rod 156

It was necessary for Lars Myrup to leave the
Kobberod area soon after Yuletide and return to his
home in Myrupgaard, Lild Parish, in far north
Thisted Amt. There were arrangements for him
to make and the ''where with'' to be secured for his
marriage and emigration. He would travel first to
Aalborg to be relieved of his missionary responsi-
bilities and also to sign up for emigration,

Christen asked him if, while he was there at Branch
headquarters, he would also declare the Christen-
sens! intentions of going, Then he entrusted his
future son-in-law with 170 rigsdaler to deposit in
partial payment for their passages, promising that
the balance required would be forthcoming in a few
more weeks, Before saying his goodbys, Elder
Myrup took his future brother-in-law, Laurs, aside
for a bit of private conversation and advice, The
burden of his words concerned marriage, as one
might have supposed, but not his and Marens alone
but the younger man's as well. ''Why not marry
Else?" he said, "'she will make someone an
excellent wife - why not you?'' Laurs put in that
this might require some thinking! 'The four of us
could honeymoon together on our way to Zion - 'tis
far better that you take a Danish wife along than to
have some foreigner set her trap for you in Zion",
Myrup continued, 'Ja, perhaps so'' Laurs answered,
"Else is a strong girl and she could pull me across
the plains in a handcart, if needs be - Ja, ja, there
would be some advantage in that!" Trust Laurs to
always make a joke, ‘Well, work on it'', said the
Elder as they parted.

That turned out to be a rather mild winter
compared to the previous one, The forepart of
February, Christen senior set out in his wagon for
Aalborg to finish paying his deposit, exchange some
Danish rigsdaler into American money, and get the
general lay-of-the-land there. By strict economy,
Else had been able to save enough from her wages
for her to give her employer 80 rigsdaler to deposit
for her also. A couple of other new Mormon bre-
thren went along with him for the same reasons,
"The Aalborg Conference Emigration List of 1866"
carried the following entries: Christen Christensen,
age 48, born Flarup, occupation farmer, nationality
Dane; Karen, 39, Kobert, wife, Dane; Lars M. C.,
