Norhaa 78

Provider''! took care of that there, as he did else-
where in Denmark; the concern was for enough dry
days. God put the sun in the heavens, sent the rain
and provided the earth, but peasants had to plant
and sow - ja! Yes, evena child's ten fingers

could be a great help on a farm and in a house.

Else too was a fine, strong child with a
willingness to serve. She could gather eggs,
carry small pails of grain to feed chickens and
geese, bring in vegetables from the garden, pick
clean the wool her father sheared and her mother
corded for quilts or spun into yarn for knitting or
loom weaving, and numbers of other small tasks
both in and out the cottage. Mette sought her
second daughter's help often, because of her
cheerfulness and ability, for she herself was
crowded with work from early morning until after
nightfall. Else wondered at her mother's magic
touch with butter and cheese, red-mush, sweet-
soup, frikadeller, bed med log, little fried and
sugared apple cakes (ableskiver) Danish soup and
dumplings and Danish homemade beer, etc. Some-
day she herself would learn to cook like Mor, and
Spin and weave and knit stockings of all sizes and
mittens, and make high feather beds. Right now
she liked to tend her baby sister most of all; when
the older children were in school she had Marie
mostly to herself and this pleased her and Mor too.
Marie was rolly-polly and slow to learn but Else
loved her just the same as she did her other young
sister, Stine, who was so often sick in winter. In
truth, Else loved all her family, her kith and kin
and everybody, for she was a happy, generous,
loveable person. Though not as pretty as dainty
Karen or fragile Stine, or yet in fact as plump
Marie, still she was well put together and very
intelligent looking, with a high forehead, well
proportioned nose and other excellent features,
but she had the most beautiful hair of all! It fell
to her waist in heavy cascades the color of dark
burnished amber, as if it had been freshly dipped
in liquid Danish ''sea-gold''", Many of their kins-
folk had "'red hair''; even Mads' and Stine's was
turned toward that shade; but Else's hair could not
be called red, or yet brown -- it was more the
color of shining ''Danish amber", so let it go at
