25 Way of War

greater part of a thousand years Denmark had to
maintain a two-front postion involving constant
threats from Sweden on her northeast and Germany
on her southwest, with Russia always looking
through the window. It was as though a pair of
grasping pinchers had been suspended over the
little Kingdom. Time and time again she has
fought Sweden for the supremacy of Scandinavia
and the Baltic, and so often she has been at war
with powerful, dynamic Germany over the pro-
vinces of Holstein and Slesvig (Schleswig in Ger-
man) which have been batted back and forth since
the days of the Vikings,

The small Kingdom has been ruled by
"Christians'' and ''Fredericks'', with one King Hans
thrown in, for the past 520 years, Forty-four
years before Columbus came to America the first
King Christian ascended the Danish throne--and
the fighting went on as usual. Christian I (1448-
1481) went to Sweden to settle matters there and
his fleet won at sea, but it is said that as the two
land armies advanced upon one another each leader
prayed to St. George (of dragon fame) for victory.
As the Swedes could pray in Latin and Christian
only knew how in German, the Danes lost. The
Dane's king was more fortunate in the south how-
ever, for he united Slesvig and Holstein under his
rule. He established the first Danish University
also. King Hans went to war and united Sweden
with Denmark and Norway again, but had to give
all their nobles much greater power. He built the
Danes! first proper navy (ships especially for war}
and established their first naval base.

Christian Il (1513-1523), a dynamic, violent
king with a big, red beard, loved beauty and culture,
and he loved the Danish peasants too, He enacted
measures which benefited them and curbed the
powers of the nobles. This caused a terrible
breach between them. He occasionally fell back
on an ancient legal practice and called in twelve
peasants from a village and had them pass judge-
ment on a wayward noble, according to ancient
Nordic custom, which they usually did with these
words: ''Not we but his deeds do judge him".
Christian II went into exile but was captured and
