147 Kobberod

from Kobberod, on past Kirk Vig to the shores of
this rough sea, near Aggerborg, can still.be seen
excavations from whence those early sea-kings
once set forth in their long-ships. A fjord town or
village on the shores of the Limfjord, such as
Kobberod, was a lovely place to be in the‘ spring -
time. Picture looking out towards Nissum Bay
and seeing the sky reflected in enchanting, pastel
colors in its. blue waters, while crafts of all
descriptions glide to and fro upon its surface,
from small open fishing boats being rowed along

to large sailing vessels with their giant;white sails
spread and their blur of red and white flags flappjng
inthe-brisk breeze, Imagine herring nets billow-
ing against the blue sky between weathe rbeaten
posts of silver grey, flights of birds wheeling,
dipping and circling in a water ballet,: and far off
on the very brink of heaven, flocks of plump little
fleecy white clouds, like lambs grazing.

Here were smokehouses dotted along the

green sloping shores. Danes were fond of smoked
herring. In fact, most Danes were fond of fish SF
e the

any kind, fish having fed their ancestors sinc
beginning - far longer than farms had, There
were numerous fishermen inthe vicinity of '
Kobbe rod and many there who loved the sea. It
was often said, jokingly, that the children tn this
area were born with oars in their hands, Not all
here, however, were sea-going Danes, for there
were some, like the Christensens, who were pro-
verbially reluctant to sail.out farther than they
could row back. For though they loved the water.
and had been ‘raised to the rhythmic sound of its’ '
splashing, yet they much preferred having their
feet firmly planted on solid ground, being land-
Danes, as it were.

Many farms were scattered about, for
Kobberod was primarily a village of farmS, it
varying in size. A Danish farmyard could be a,
Very picturesque place. The house and accompany ~
ing farm buildings were usually built around a
courtyard in a sort of U shape, in the‘center of:
which would likely be a tall flagpole, watering
trough, water pump, and possibly a windmill.
Barn, pigpen, chicken toop, outhouse, grahery,
