221 War Whoops

the run, while into the other side of the divided
area the women and children would flock for Safety.

The only means of communication with the
outside world in the Utah Territory, outside of the
Great Salt Lake area, was by walking, or trips
made on horseback, or by horse, mule or ox-
drawn conveyances, This must have been a lonely
and even frightening situation to contemplate, espec-
ially in times of trouble. (In our age, when one can
witness and hear events all over the world with a
flick of a button, we can in no way imagine what
this would be like.) There must have been rejoicirig
in the various areas involved then, when on Sat.
Dec. lst, 1866, the Deseret telegraph line was
opened between Salt Lake City and Ogden; on Dec,
8th opened between there and Logan; and on Dec.
28th opened between Salt Lake City and Manti, (It
is difficult to evaluate the importance played by
the Deseret telegraph operators in Sanpete Valley
during the remaining years of the Black Hawk War,
as they took turns nights, sleeping on the floor of
the office in case word should come from neigh-
boring towns that the Indians were on the warpath,
If an attack were coming the people would then be
warned of the approaching danger by the rapid
beating of drums. )

Having been taken into the homes of Danish
friends for the time being, the two young emigrant
couples must have made themselves as comfortable
and useful as they could, The two brethren, Laurs
M. C. and Lars C, N, must, of course, have been
taken into the militia right away and given their
assigned work there as guards, minute men, armed
cattle herders, or whatever. Since it was now con-
sidered too late in the season for any large scale
Indian operation, they probably went into the moun-
tains with others to get out logs and rock for con-
templated dwellings of their own or the community,
as well as wood for ever-hungry fires. That they
toiled though we may be certain, for most every-
thing there then was on a cooperative basis and
all shared and shared alike,

Else and Maren as well must have had their
share of work, learning the new ''American" ways
of keeping house and concocting victuals ''a-la-mode's
