With Flags Flying 328

Tuesdays and Fridays, and Wednesday was testi-
mony day. Of course numbers of other subjects
were taught in addition to theology, including
Domestic Science for the young women. On
Friday nights the Philosophical Society presented
lectures, readings, musicals, etc,, and these
were great affairs.

Albert Christensen was one of the some
seventy-five students attending the Seminary
classes and activities that fall and recalled some
of his experiences in these words:-- 'In the fall I
started school at the Gunnison Seminary. Joseph
Jensen was my Seminary teacher and a splendid
one. I greatly enjoyed my work, While I was a
little rusty as a student, I soon began to find
myself. One day we had as a lesson the learning
of the names of all the countries of South America
and also the capitols of those countries, It
happened that either by neglect or for some other
cause I was unprepared, It was a surprise to me
to find that the entire class likewise was unpre-
pared, The teacher said, 'If Albert can't get the
lesson you may all be excused', I concluded that
if the teacher had such confidence in me I would
see to it in the future that I was prepared. ..

This was about the first year that I had engaged

in social activity such as dancing and other public
entertainment, Needless to say it opened up to me
anew world. It was a happy year both at home and
at school. My mother had gone to Denmark to
visit her people but returned sometime during the
year. My sisters Elsie and Emma, who helped
care for the home, had seemingly grown up during
my absence, My father was always handy with
home duties and was most agreeable at all times."'

Among the many other students to attend the
Gunnison Seminary that fall and winter of 1890/91,
besides Albert, were his brothers Andrew and
Joseph, as well as Christen's and Anne's daughter
Caroline and sons Andrew and John T., and Miss
Roxie Bartholomew of Fayette. Albert's older
brother Andrew, who had been out of school for a
number of years, had begun to realize the fallacy
of not having an education, as is told by his daugh-
ter Edythe:-- "More than once I've heard father
