Brown Kit 308

from the dead? Would they not say: 'We have lain
here thousands of years in the prison house, bound
and fettered in the association of the filthy and
corrupt.' If they had the power the very thunders
of heaven would resound in our ears. All the angels
of heaven are looking to this little handful of people.
When I think upon the subject I want the tongues of
seven thunders to awaken the people to action. "'

On Monday, 12 Nov. 1888, Christen Christen-
sen and a number of his family made their way from
Gunnison to Manti by wagon and set up camp on the
grounds provided for that purpose just southwest of
the temple grounds. The next day Laurs, Pauline,
Anne and Christen himself went into the beautiful
temple and were baptized for dozens of their dead
kindred. For four days they labored in this sacred
building for their deceased relatives - brothers,
sisters, parents, grandparents - all were baptized,
endowed and sealed under the hands of the holy
priesthood, They did not forget to do the endow-
ments for the gentle Karen and the daughter Petrine,
or for Karen's parents and relatives who were dead,
for Christen had procured the records of them by
correspondence with her people. On Nov. 14, 1888
they had the joy of fulfilling one of their most
sacred dreams, that of being sealed together as a
family for time and all eternity. Christen's two
daughters, Nielsine, or Sena, and Caroline came
into the temple that day for this occasion. Caroline,
the only one of Christen's and Anne's children not
born in the covenant was sealed to them there.

Then Christen's and Karen's children, both the
living and the dead, were Sealed to them ~- all but
the first son, Christen, who was still living in far-
off Denmark, apparently with no interest whatso-
ever in the purposes of the Most High. Christen
Sr, stood for himself in this last Sealing, as in the
first, while Laurs, Pauline and Sena not only stood
for themselves but also alternated for their dead
brothers and sisters, Peder C., Niels C., Maren,
Ane Marie and the two Petrines, Anne stood for.
the gentle Karen and Daniel H, Wells, first Presi-
dent of the Manti Temple, performed the sealings.
Sena herself had risen from a bed of sorrow to come
to the Temple that November day. Exactly two
weeks before she had laid away a five weeks old
