Vera Clark 902

Janet. She was born in Mt, Pleasant LDS Hospital
and died there from the effects of whooping cough.
We buried her in Ephraim the day she was two
months old, I had whooping cough at the same
time, along with my children. Our son Albert,

just older than Janet, was born in Gunnison Valiey
Hospital while we were living in Ephraim, I don't
believe the Mt. Pleasant Hospital was finished then.
My sister Loraine was living with us when our
daughter Ann was born (home delivery). Today

we have five children married and ten grandchildren.
Albert has served in the army in Vietnam and
returned home safely, for which we are most
grateful.

''We bought the folks' old home in Santaquin
sometime after Mother's death and I lived there
the winter Ann finished high school, since there
was no high school in Wendover. I then went back
to live in Wendover for the next year and then ©
returned to Santaquin for two more winters while
Sharon finished high school there. Ivan came home
about every other weekend during those winters in
Santaquin. However, I only spent a week or two at
a time in Santaquin during the summers, putting up
fruit, etc. In winters there I served as a Relief
Society visiting teacher and also taught in the
Primary. Ihave always loved to read so I read a
lot there, crocheted, embroidered and sewed a lot
for myself and family. I had to learn to knit to be
able to teach the girls in my Primary class - I also
taught myself to tat.

"J have continued to be a Relief Society
teacher here in Wendover, as well as to teach in
Primary, along with my reading and sewing.
Also, I was assigned to take care of the kitchen on
Relief Society work meeting days. We usually had
potluck but I was required to set the tables and
clean up afterwards, with help from other members,"

We are happy to bring Vera's history up to
date with the word that she has now been serving
as Relief Society President in Wendover for about
nine months (since Sep. 1968) and that she and Ivan
went to the Salt Lake Temple, 11 Oct. 1968, to
have their marriage solemnized and four of their
ten children who could qualify sealed to them for
