United Order 264

were a number of things took place that particularly
affected the people of central Utah and Sanpete
County. Besides the final settlement of the Black
Hawk War in 1872 and the establishment of the
United Order 1874-75, there was the completion

of the Southern railroad to near the north border

of Sanpete, as far as York, Juab Co, 18 Feb. 1875;
the founding of the Brigham Young Academy at
Provo, Utah Co., 16 Oct, 1876; and the breaking

of ground for the temple at Manti, April 25, 1877.
Numerous Stakes and Wards all over the church
were reorganized and new ones formed in 1877
under his direction, Mayfield was made a Ward
and taken from Sevier Stake into the newly formed
Sanpete Stake, 4 July 1877, both the north and south
sides being included in the new Ward.

The last minutes of the United Order in May-
field to which we have had access are the following:
January 20, 1877. "Special meeting called. .
the President laid before the stockholders the
following: If they would be in favor of selling our
farms and remove as a company to Arizona. . .
Resolved to let the question rest until we get more
information in regard to it, . . Minutes read and
accepted, Benediction Hans N, Tuft, Adjourned
sine die. Secretary Peter H. Hansen.'' These
may have been the last minutes kept by that organ-
ization in North Mayfield, for it wasn't long before
the Order broke up there. Numbers drew out their
stock, gave up their stewardships and moved, some
to New London or South Mayfield and some else-
where, Still some continued to live on in "the
Order", as North Mayfield was called, although
the organization was abandoned as such, and some
of the descendants of these still live there today.
The United Order movement generally did not get
a fair start. Several factors contributed to its
early abandonment: first, membership in it was
voluntary and numbers in each area were not
willing or not considered worthy to enter the Order,
thus two classes were created in the Church, which
was undesirable; second, there was lack of uni-
formity in the movement as well as the vigorous
leadership which was withdrawn when the Prophet
Brigham Young's health began failing; third, the
great influx of non-Mormons into the territory and
