Dreams Come True 398

the palace we took off our shoes, tied.on flannel
substitutes, and were guided over polished floors.
that shone as mirrors, reflecting the crystal-
studded chandeliers as well as the many mirrored
panels that slit the hardwood or taspestry bedecked
walls. (The Emperor's ambitious glory was to be
short-lived however, from then on,) From here,
again by train, we reached our destination - the
fine old University city of Leipsig."

Possibly one of Laurs and Else's last acts
before they bid a last farewell to her people and
left Thisted for their home in America was to visit
once more the village of Norhaa and one of the
spots most dear to Else's heart. We have reason
to believe that they found the dwelling where she
once lived in ruins, The churchyard cemetery
where her parents were buried must have been
visited as well, which must have called up fondest
memories of her childhood and youth, together
with a feeling of deep emotion at the thoughts of
never being able to visit there again, But let Else
herself tell of some of her feelings then, for she
put them in verse, (These verses have undoubtedly
lost much in translation from the Danish but we
have done the best we could. )

"O Denmark, O Denmark, thou art my Birthland

Now long years have vanished since I saw your strand.

Here stood father's dwelling near the lake's wooded
shore . . .

But now it is gone - we shall see it no more,

"© here was our garden with mother's flower bed
But I see not the rose that once bloomed so red
And gone is the bench where Rudolph and I ,
Sat and listened so oft to the nightengale's cry.

"In Old Denmark here have I yet family,
Therefore I came back just for them to see
And I offer a prayer on this far-away strand
That someday they'll follow me to Zion's land,

"A wreath have I laid on this dear hallowed ground |
On this grave where my mother in death was laid down.
Then farewell to.all who hold her name dear,
For ship's bells are calling - we shall meet no
more here, '! --Else K. Christensen
