Dreams Come True 392

thereon, in the space designated, immediately upon
its receipt... etc... etc. . . American citizens
who expect to make a prolonged stay in any foreign
country should apply for consular registration to

the American Consulate in that country. ..

P. C. Knox - Dept. of State, Washington, April 11,
1910.'' Else of course had her passport from before,

The couple had arranged to travel from Salt
Lake City with a group of Europe-bound mission-
aries, two of whom were going to Denmark, Elders
John Elmer Larsen of Tabor, Canada, and Hans
Sanders of Salt Lake City. They had received their
letters of instructions which read as follows:--
"INSTRUCTIONS FOR VISITORS WHO ACCOMPANY
THE EUROPEAN PARTY LEAVING JULY 13th. .
Your train leaves Oregon Shortline Depot 5:15 p.m,
Wednesday:-- The Oregon Short Line Ry. to Ogden;
the Union Pacific Ry. to Omaha, the Chicago Great
Western Ry. Omaha to Chicago, Your rail ticket
is all in one ticket for the entire party between Salt
Lake and Chicago, and is held by the Elder in charge
of the company. If you have a trunk to check you
should be at the Oregon Short Line depot baggage
room not later than 4 p.m. Wednesday. The Elder
in charge has an order to get your rail ticket from
Chicago to Montreal that is paid for, and you hold
your own steamship ticket, The large new steamer
"Megantic' that you go on, sails from Montreal at
daybreak Saturday the 23rd, and passengers sleep
on board the steamer the night before, Liverpool
address; Durham House, 295 Edge Lane, Liverpool,
England,"

Else had procured a smali notebook in which
she copied addresses, any genealogical information
she happened across, and a sort of day by day
account of their travels, and from this we copy:--
"Left our home in Manti on the 9th of July (1910);
left Salt Lake City on the 13th; came to Omaha on
the 15th; came to Chicago on the 16th; left there
on the 17th July; came to Buffalo on the 18th;
came to Montreal, Canada on the 19th of July,
going on the ship the evening of the 22nd July."
This was Laurs' sixty-third birthday and he may
have recalled the last time he was in Canada,
which was exactly forty-four years before, when
