753 Wendell Bartholomew

of the Sunday School in the newly created Palo Alto
Stake and then, after a year, as second counselor
to Stake President Claud B. Peterson. About a
year later he was called to Salt Lake to be secre-
tary of the Quorum of the Twelve. His first coun-
selor was made Stake President and I became first
counselor, When the new Stake President, brother
Henry Jorgenson, was sent to Florida to head the
church Welfare farm there, I was set apart as
Stake President of Palo Alto Stake by Elder
Stephen L, Richards, 30 Apr. 1950.

"J was released as stake president in 1953
and shortly thereafter left Occidental Life to go
into business for myself, I took a general agency
with Beneficial Standard Life Insurance Co. of
Los Angeles, and in 1956 made an additional con-
nection with Financial Fund of Denver, Colorado.
Since then I have continued in the business of estate
programming, using life insurance and mutual
funds, increasing our operational scope and adding
and training new salesmen, We changed our dealer
connection from Financial Industrial Fund to Kelly
and Morey, Inc. of Denver in Feb. 1966, In May
1967 we merged with the Equity Funding Corporation
of Los Angeles, and I became vice president and
Divisional Sales Manager of the San Francisco area.

' "I have known the healing power of the priest-
hood. In 1948 when we were landscaping our back
yard I was operating a rototiller, a powerful
machine with a series of spring steel hooks which
rotated under a heavy steel cover. In attempting
to turn a corner I put one foot forward to. brace

myself and one of the hooks caught the. roll in my
Levis and my leg was drawn under the hood and
through the hooks until the leg, from ankle to,
thigh, was hanging in shreds, Iwas rushed to the
hospital and the doctors worked all night cleaning,
cutting and sewing over 300 stitches, They had
little hope of saving my leg. As soon as possible
Presidents Peterson and Jorgensen came and
- administered to me and in two weeks I was up and
starting to walk. It took time but as the months
passed the pain left, the leg took on a normal
shape and the feeling began to return, Today the
scars have almost disappeared and the leg is equal
