401 Dreams Come True

my heartiest thanks for your visit - Ilike you! I
missed you so much the first few days, I almost
believe it was because ofthe dear little children
who kept me so busy, I wonder how things are
for them in Germany? And you, Dear Uncle,
with your good humor which you have preserved
throughout all the many years you have lived over
there - yes and preserved the language too.
Thanks for what you sent me. I will buy some-
thing for it that I can keep as lasting memories
of those days. But I think it far too much for I
was glad to be able to do a little bit for you.

"Yesterday I took a trip by bike out to Aunt
Maries. Ibrought greetings to her from your
letter, She said she was longing so dearly to get
to know when you were coming back here to live -
or so she said, Oh but I get tired of her ways for
so often she talks so much and it is not always
wisdom that she speaks it seems to me. I believe
that Aunt Else will understand what Imean. I
hope you are well on the ship - I wonder how far
you are right now? I know that wherever you are
you have a dome-shaped sky above you.

"Dear Aunt, when I am sitting all alone, as
now at this moment, so many thoughts and ques-
tions come to me. Ioften feel like him who said
'The good things I intend to do I do not but the evil
I didn't intend to do, Ido'. Yes, we are all weak
people and since we can do nothing for ourselves,
allis spoiled for us - everything must be given us
from above. Dear relatives, we are of different
outlooks on life - you miss that with us. Thanks
Aunt Else for the words in your letter saying that
youdo not judge us. We must believe that every-
one who has a faith and lives his life according to
it, will find his way home to the Father's House
on high, by Jesus Christ. Now dears, you must
forgive me for what I have said if you find it a little
Strange of me, Iexpress myself very badly and
imperfect I know, but the quietness around me always
calls out deep thoughts and living longings of the
heart - 'Business weakens, quietness awakens, '
Goodby and thanks for everything good. Hearty
greetings to Elvena and loving greeting to you
from your niece, Maren Skaarup."'
