Gunnison Valley 248

President Ulysses Simpson Grant, where they
must have promised that the uprisings would
cease, for they did, in Utah at least, from then on.
Yet notwithstanding the possible danger from red-
men, and doubtless leaving their two small sons
with Else or Anne, Lars and Maren Myrup left
Gunnison that midsummer and traveled to Salt
Lake City by team and wagon. There in the Salt
Lake Endowment House, 15 July 1872, they had
their endowments and were sealed together for
time and eternity, These holy ordinances were
so important to the majority of the early Saints
that they were willing to sacrifice a great deal to
have them accomplished. Lars Myrup was fast
becoming a man of some consequence in the com-
munity of Gunnison. He had a way with people,
especially the Scandinavian brothers and sisters
who looked to him for leadership,

On Friday, 13 Dec. 1872, Else Christensen
gave birth to her fourth son, He was the first of
their children to be born under the covenant and
their first and only "winter'! baby. He and Joseph
were each born in the small adobe house on First
South, Third West, They had this fourth son,
Albert Christen Christensen, blessed and named
by Bishop Joseph S. Horne 2 Jan, 1873.

Christen's eighteen year old daughter,
Pauline, was wed to Andrew Andersen of Gunnison,
also a native of Denmark, 12 May 1873. Their
endowments were had and their Marriage consum-
ated in the Salt Lake Endowment House, He was
nearly seven-and-a-half years older than she.
That same year railroad building in Utah took a
spurt. By 25 Nov, the Utah Southern Railroad had
reached as far south as Provo, where a great
celebration was held that day. A railroad ina
town ended its semi-isolation and made easy con~
tact with the outside world available--thus there
was cause for rejoicing. Railroad building was
also a boon to the settlers in other ways, increaS-~
ing their incomes through contracts getting out

lumber for ties, etc,, as well as for opportunities
to labor on the projects outright,

Else Kathrine always had an intense love for
education which is indicated in her son Albert's
