439 Wyoming Interlude

and Florence planned to do the same. We quote
again from the testimony of Louis:-- 'I moved my
family away from the ranch and into Lyman on Oct,
20, 1917, but I remained there at the place and
others were with me,

"On Nov. 19th Iwas in Lyman and left be-
tween three and four o'clock P.M, to go over to
the ranch, arriving there before dark, I put my
horses in the barn and then went over to the sheep
camp about a mile south and east, Elmer Chris-
tensen and Miles Critchley were at the camp. I
expected to have supper there with them and then
go back to the house, but they induced me to stay
for the night. We went to bed but the sheep were
restless and woke us up, We got up to see what
was the matter and it was then that we saw that
my house was on fire, This was between eleven
and eleven thirty that night. We at once ran over
to the place. It looked at first like only the roof
on the east side was on fire, but we found that the
whole house was burning and it burned to the
ground, There was nothing we could do to stop it.
We later found that horse tracks came in at the
gate and went up to the west window. We followed
this track back west again; it was what we called
a 'malable shoe' and the first time I had seen a
track of this kind."' The sheriff was notified next
morning and he came out to the ranch to investi-
gate; his statement follows:-- ''I went out again
when L, D.'s place was burned.and I found the
track came down the road and in the mud to the
northeast corner of the house and passed the
north end of the house and turned west and then
turned in close to the house and then went back
the same way, out of the gate and up the road
towards Lyman. I measured the track. It was 6
inches from toe to heel and 34 inches between
heels, It was anew shoe. There was just one
horse track, "!

Someone was responsible for these burnings
at The Oasis and it was not the ghosts of past
range wars, The Uinta County officials were
anxious to get at the bottom of things.. Judge
Albert Christensen of Manti, Utah, lawyer of the
family, was likewise determined to see that the
