Peasants-Nobles-Kings 20

(app. 985-1014), He called the nobles and peasants
together and with his main chieftains, ''Torkil the
Tall" and "Oluv the Fat'', sailed to England and
harassed her king, ''Ethelred the Unready", until
he subdued him and became king of England too.
His triumph was short however, for the very next
year this ''Caesar of the North'! fell off his horse
and died, (The English contend St, Edmond slew
him.) Canute the Great (1018-1035) fought and
added part of Sweden to this fantastic North Sea
Empire, and though he was a good and mighty
monarch he died young. Sad to say, under the
reigns of his incompetent sons, Harold Harefoot
(1035-1040) and Hardicanute (1035-1042), the great
empire toppled and England slipped through the
fingers of future Danish kings, King Sweyn Estrid-
son (1047-1074) tried to regain his famous Uncle
Canute's vast English holdings and sent. Viking
fleets there to defeat William the Conqueror, but.
was unsuccessful. From then on the two countries
more.or less turned their backs on each other.
‘Though they sometimes fought, cultural and com-
mercial bonds were severed and each went their.
own way and wrote their own histories for about
the next eight hundred years. As long as the
Viking fleets were free and manned by volunteer
peasant raiders, and as long as there were settle-
ment chieftains to organize them on their own
initiative, the Danish Vikings continued to be a
terrifying threat to their western targets; but
when the Kings took over and forced the issue,
that business of raiding simply petered out. Den-
‘mark never again reverted back to what she had
been before and Christianity began to take root
there,

.. Since kings are only people and since people
are different, so were the Danish kings and their
performances, as a brief commentary on some
who ruled during the early Middle Ages tends to
indicate, Canute the Holy (1080-1086) introduced
a tax for the benefit of the Church (10% of all
harvested corn) and imposed heavy fines on the
peasants who rebelled in North Jutland, from
whence he was forced to flee to a cathedral where
they slew him, Because famine followed his
death--and miracles are said to have happened at
