637 Arthur

diabetes, They could find no sugar in the urine

but think it may be in the blood and this test has

to be done in Salt Lake. He is in no pain much

now but so tired and weak. He sleeps all too much
and no matter what he eats or how much he is still
hungry. He looks bad and the last few days pale.
They may take him to Salt Lake, Idon't know. The
hospital in Salina has closed but the doctors have
their offices there.

''I am all unstrung - haven't slept much for
three nights and am trying to get fruit put up. I
was gone all day yesterday. Grandma (Sorena)
Stayed here. There is not much business right now.
Dave and Max are studying. I wish you would come
home more often. Grace was up to institute today
but I guess she didn't have time to run down and
see us. lhad a letter from the boys (at Dividend);
they all had bad colds over there. Can't write any~-
More tonight - Mother."

Another letter from Millie to Gladys a few
days later, Tues. 19 Oct. 1932, gave the follow~
ing: -- "Dear Gladys, your last letter found me up
to my neck in peaches and plum jam. Hope I'll be
through with fruit this week. Dave took Papa to
Salina yesterday. They worked on him.all day and
didn't finish. He has to go back Sunday. Seems
that they just can't find his trouble but know that
there is something wrong. They tested him again
for diabetes but found no trace of sugar. They
should have returns on the blood tests they sent to
Salt Lake, Sunday also. Now they think there is
an obstruction just at the place his stomach empties,
My, but it's a worry. He feels a little better today
and is starving but must have nothing but liquids.

He is almost too weak to walk.
She said she

"Grace called last night. 3 r
Couldn't study or do anything for thinking of him.
I will let you know if he gets worse. He is taking
medicine and Dr. Merrill seems to think it isn't
as serious as at first - but we will know more

after Sunday.

"Max is getting fat again and eats like a little
Pig. He and Dave are studying; Papa 1ยง asleep; I
am baking bread and finishing my ironing. We have
