Bested 98

had long since collapsed or been washed away.
Originally, only the eastern boundary had required
defending, for the country to the west was all bog
and marshland. But now it had dried up consider-
ably, and furthermore the meadows and marshes
froze over and thereby became as firm as the rest
of the land. Here then at Danevirke were gathered
40,000 Danish men, hoping to hold a front some 60
miles long, if and when the enemy attacked.
General de Meza, who had the full confidence of his
troops and the reputation of being fearless, was a
"cool commander". He spent his time at his head-
quarters setting French sonnets to music or
designing ivory handles for his broom. He was
meticulously careful about his health and fussed
endlessly over his uniform and his white gloves,"
even though war was at his very tent door and the
enemy was taking its position near by to prove it!
One morning, after taking his regular ride around
his defense lines he wrote in his diary, "I was

shot at! Ido not understand what they think they
are doing. "'

Feb. lst, 1864, the combined Austro-
Prussian army of 60,000 crossed the Holstein
border and marched northward. It would have
been impossible for General de Meza's outnumbered
forces to hold Danevirke against them, and he knew
it. He called a retreat of his troops and in the
middle of the night of Feb. 5th, the whole Danish
army crept stealthily away toward the north, over
iced-up roads and with a fierce snow storm blowing
full in the faces of its endless, trudging columns,
After hours and hours of weary marching the Danes
set up their new defenses at Dybboel Hill, where
there was a chain of ten rather small earthworks.
Their enemy had noticed nothing till next morning,
but then immediately took up the pursuit.

Throughout all Denmark the news of the
Danes withdrawal from Danevirke, their ancient
defense line, glamorized by tradition, gave the
Danish subjects a jolt and the shock was almost
more than they could bear. A great howl went up,
and the people wept and wrung their hands and
mourned as they had not done for generations.
The government, fearful of the blame, hurridly
