407 Prophecies Fulfilled

When I was working in the temple they moved to
Manti and spent their remaining years by coming
almost daily to the temple, Your grandmother had
quite a record of her kindred she labored for, Your
grandfather worked considerably on my record. I
hired him and paid him, as his own record was ©
completed to the extent he had it. Your grand-
mother was a very intelligent woman, and was
anxious that her children should have good
educations, , ,"!

Yes indeed, Laurs and Else K. went often
to the temple now, At first they walked the four
or five blocks or so to and from their home there,
Later they took the horse-drawn temple hack both
ways. Grandmother eventually received numerous
records of her ancient relatives on the Hvid line
sent from Denmark by the researcher she had
engaged on her last trip there, They each did all
the work they could for their dead. They also
solicited the help of some of their sons and daugh-
ters in this work, and even involved some of their
grandchildren in doing baptisms for their dead. It
was the custom for many years for Sanpete Valley
children to be allowed the privilege of going to the
Manti temple, on or soon after their eighth birth-
days, to have their own baptisms in the beautiful
font there, Until the practice was discontinued
and other places provided, Grandmother Else
took the responsibility of seeing that most of
her grandchildren who lived in the area during her
time had the opportunity to go there for that pur-
pose, Pearl, the oldest grandchild, writes of
this:-- "I was baptized at the age of eight years.
Grandma Christensen took my two cousins, Harold
Christensen and Leo Nelson and myself to the
Manti temple for the occasion, Afterwards she
took us up the spiral stairway into the top of the »
temple and told us to always remember the things
we saw and heard there, I shall never forget
them. Grandma also took me there several times
later to be baptized for the dead.'' Most of the
grandchildren thus favored got to climb up the
winding stairway, as cousins Pearl and Harold
did, and as I did, to the very tip-top of the temple's
west tower, for a breathtaking view out over the
valley; and a number of them were taken by
