289 Brown Kit

too was a thoroughbred in every sense of the word.
He also had given up much for the Gospel and
almost everything for his wife and children. He
had not only done his own work, trying to build

and provide for his family, but had of course
taken a great deal of the responsibility of the

home while Else had been in training, and con-
tinued to do so while she was acting as nurse

and doctor. While he could not do the heavy house-
work, he did more than his share in caring for the
children. He had provided them with a fairly com-
fortable three-roomed adobe house there in South
Mayfield, with a log granary, cow sheds, pigpen,
chicken coup, outhouse and other needed additions
in back. (These were well built for most of them
are still standing.) He was faithful to the Church
and his Priesthood, honest in his dealings with
man and God, a kind, helpful and devoted husband
and a wonderfully patient, understanding and loving
father. Hard-working as his strength would allow,
he was also dependable as the coming of night after
day. He seldom complained and cast off most of
his troubles with a shrug of his shoulders and a
witty remark,

Can one think of Grandma Else without
Grandpa Laurs? Nej, nej, for they belonged
together. The thorns and thistles in our paths of
life may retard our progress briefly. It is no dis-
grace to stumble o'er them. The important thing
is that we rise again and go forward, even though
bruised and torn, fighting our wey along. It is
not what one has to contend with along the way of
life but what one is able to endure and overcome
that signals success.

Laurs squared his shoulders again, yoked
Tom up with the neighbor's Ox, put his hand to the
plough and went forward with his farm work. Then
Else gave birth to their tenth child, Lars Peter
Christensen (later changed to Louis D.) Saturday
20 Mar. 1880, there in-their home in Mayfield.
According to the record in her journal she took
care of the delivery herself, though she likely
leaned heavily on her husband for help at the time.
This, their fifth son, must have been a good sized
baby for he grew to be the largest of their children,
