731 Ellen Elaine

gravy-taste of lumpydick; the pinpoint, dark eyes
of our baby tender who chanted, 'Hark, hark! The
dogs do bark; the beggars are coming to town....'
to bring us into meek submission; the dancing of
a row of paper dolls made from folded newspapers.

"T enjoyed a great feeling of love, security
and family solidarity in that old home, so it was
with a deep sense of loss that I left it to move with
the family to Mabey's house across the road west
from the school until our new home on Depot Street
was finished. It was here in the summer of 1910
that I contracted a mild case of scarlet fever and
was quarantined, along with mother, in Grandpa
and Aunt Lydia's stuffy parlor with its upholstered
furniture, gilt framed pictures, stiff lace curtains
and marble fireplace. I was happy when I was
transfered to the sitting room where the organ
was. I played school with marbles as pupils and
empty thread spools as desks, while mother wrote.
Sometimes, if I would lie still on the bed, she'd.”
sing in her sweet contralto voice a sad song about
an Indian maiden, which I shall always love ayopak
'Fallen Leaf' : igor

‘In October of 1910 we moved into our new
house via a long stepladder through the upstairs”
Blue Room window, since our lovely stairway was
being varnished. I longed for the old home one-=. :
half block away but I soon found even greater _.
happiness here with inside plumbing, clinking .
radiators, and a fireplace around which the ©
family gathered while Daddy peeled apples and
mother read stories to us. The church had no ~
need to institute.'Home Evenings' for us.then as ..
‘ours were constant, complete, and. gratefully now,
remembered,

"There was always so much to ‘do. atoutia our
new place in summers. Our big garden was. fun'-*
to.play Pioneer in; our barn made good jumping ~ “
from the loft into the hay; the long, knotted rope -
hanging from the’ apricot tree back of the house’ “'
was sheer joy to swing on. For playing Statue,
Prisoner's Base, and Steal-Sticks, our big west |
lawn couldn't be beat, or to lie on to watch cloud-
pictures in the sky, The shade of the weeping
willow tree was wonderful to sit in while mother

