351 And Should We Die

remembrances of an eleven year old. But those
of the twenty-two year old bride were quite
different, as Jennie Christensen recalled it thus:--
"How my mind will travel back to our wedding
night. We, Albert and I, had sewn autumn leaves
on the curtains in the afternoon for decorations.
That night it was chilly and raining hard, but I
hardly noticed it, so bright did it seem inside.

We had fires in the grates. We came downstairs,
A. and I, and went into the parlor which was filled
with guests. What an array of flowers was about
the rooms. I remember I was so proud of him thy

Louis D. was married to Sarah Florence
Mellor of Fayette, 6 Mar. 1901, in the Manti
Temple, Her people had also been among the
first settlers in Fayette. But her mother was
dead and her father, a polygamist, lived with his
other family, while Florence pretty much had to
look after her younger brothers and sisters as
best she could, Tresia remembers that Florence
and her sister made her wedding dress out of
white ''china silk’ which she saved and later used
the material to make a christening robe for her
first child and daughter LaFaun. The Christen-
sens gave the couple a wedding celebration and
dinner at their home in Gunnison. Not long after-
wards Louis left on a mission for the Church to
the Western States Mission in Colorado (June 1901)
but he was not there very long before he was called
back home because of the desperate illness of his
bride,

Elsie was married soon after Louis left for
This is as she recorded the event in
her own history:-- "On 26 June 1901 I was married
to Alma C. Bartholomew of Fayette, Sanpete Co.,
Utah, in the Manti Temple by John D, T. McAllister,
then temple president. After the ceremony, since
we had been invited by my brother Albert and his
wife to come to their home for dinner after we
were through, we went down to their house on
Second West, but found no one home. However,
the door was unlocked and a large bowl of lovely
fresh fruit centered the table, to which we helped
ourselves, My parents gave us a very elaborate
wedding reception in their home that same evening,

his mission.
