951 George Fern Clark

They toured Hollywood in their old Ford and

other points of interest in the Los Angeles area,
and then foolishly spent their last cent at a carnival
and were broke again. They got a job in an orchard
picking oranges, They worked one morning and
were ''doing great'' when the foreman came along
and found that their speed was due to the fact that
they were picking oranges like they picked apples,
and oranges would soon spoil under those conditions.
They were taught to ''cut'' the stem of the orange
from the tree instead of pulling the fruit off, which
they then proceeded to do, but found this method
so slow and tedious that they quit at the end of two
hours of this latter, Anyway, they had decided to
hit for home, They made enough on the orange- .
picking, however, to enable them to fill up with
gas and sandwiches for the homeward journey.
But in Scipio in southern Utah they ran out of gas.
and food and "hocked'' their wrist watches, alarm
clock and a spare tire to get enough of the needed
supplies to get back to Santaquin,

Then Geo rge went into the mines “with his” f
father and worked in the Tintic Standard and North
Lily mines near Dividend, Utah, where they mined
zinc and silver, He had worked here for about a
year and a half when World War I] involved the —
U.S.A. and the call came for fighting men, =
George wanted to "join up" first thing and planned
to get into the air force, in spite of his mother's
pleading and weeping. But then he discovered
that he was frozen to his job in the mines. This-
was a blow!

All his friends were joining up" and as
George went to the mines each day he felt resent-
ful and like a regular traitor or 'scab'', No one
could convince him that he was being patriotic by
staying in the mines, This was a period of frus-
tration for him. He was determined to get into
the armed services somehow and at last he hit
upon a plan. He simply stayed home from his
work in the mines for about six weeks and it
worked ~- he was drafted. He was nearing his
nineteenth birthday in November of 1943 when
he left for the war.

George got into the Air Force all right but
