821 Grace Christensen

"At Christmas time, when Gladys and I were
Sophomores in Gunnison High School, we moved to
Manti to run and operate the Eagle House Hotel.
Gladys and I graduated from Manti High School
and then rode the bus one year to attend Snow
College in Ephraim, some miles to the north.
Gladys was offered a job, and accepted, to teach
group piano to school children in South Sanpete
School District. I finished my second year at
Snow and received a teacher's certificate.

'T taught two years at Mt. Emmons in
Duchesne Co., Utah. The following summer I met
Douglas Larsen, a registered professional
engineer and surveyor. From then on I decided
to work nearby, so taught fifth grade at Gunnison
for one-and-a-half years, Father was then ranch-
ing at Trout Creek and it was here his health
began to fail. He died in the LDS Hospital in Salt
Lake City 2 Dec. 1932 at age fifty, of a ruptured

gall bladder.

"Douglas and I were married a month later,
3 Jan, 1933, at Richfield, Utah. (Douglas Forrester
Larsen b, 6 Aug. 1899, Salt Lake City, Utah to
John and Louise Larsen Larsen). Doug's work as.
an engineer took us to several places in our early
married years - Parowan, Beaver, Vernal, Price,
three years in Richfield, etc. In 1941 we moved
to Salt Lake City where Doug was District Engineer
for the State Highway Dept. and later Chief Con-
struction and Materials engineer.
had moved to a big

"By this time Mother
we moved in with her.

house in Salt Lake City and
David and Max were still at home and Gladys also

lived with Mother until 1942 when she moved to
California. Our daughter, Sydney, was born while
we were living here, in 1943. When she was six
months old we bought a home on Hollywood Ave.

and lived there about two years.
other married Octav

Gudmundson and was working at Auerbach's, We
k with her and 'Goodie'. In those days
g and going; it wasn't

fifteen people at once.
d I bought our present

In the meantime M

moved bac
the children were comin
unusual to cook and do for
Then in Aug. 1950 Doug an
