539 Albert

among his loved ones, He mentioned his father as
being so wise, patient, kind and helpful. He spoke
of his mother with great affection as ''the life and
soul of the home!"' She then had given up her exten-
sive medical practice of some fourteen years and
was taking boarders. She and Albert had many
intimate and inspiring conversations that year,

and one particular one about marriage. He also
mentioned his delicate little foster sister, Ada,
and what joy her sweetness shed in their home,

He spoke of looking forward to visits with her on
his return from school in late afternoons.

During that year he often visited his grand-
father, Christen Christensen, the only one ofhis
grandparents he had ever known. He had such
great respect and fondness for the fine old Danish
gentleman, The two had much in common, includ-
ing their love for fine horses, The older man had
raised a thoroughbred colt from birth, with Albert
in mind, telling him that it would someday be his,
Together they had watched this outstanding animal
grow and develop until she was ready for the reins.
Albert broke her and it was during that year that
he was given this mare for his own; although he
insisted on giving his grandfather a fair price for
it. He bought a smart rubber-tired buggy to go
along with his horse and when he went to Provo to
again attend B. Y. A. he drove up in style. That.
rig was his pride and joy.

President Cluff also took a liking to Albert's
rig and often borrowed it during that winter of
1895/96, professing a desire to purchase it from
him and keeping it to ''try out" for unnecessarily
long periods at atime. This finally provoked
Albert and he said a few harsh words to the presi-
dent. He always felt this was the real reason that
Cluff turned "thumbs down!'' on his being selected
class orator for the graduating ceremony that
Spring, although he was selected by his class,

The president stated as his reason the fact that
Albert hadn't taken teachers training so wasn't
entitled to graduate. This of course was ambiguous,
since Albert had beenapracticalteacher of two years
experience, Albert refused to take out his degree
from B, Y. A. under those conditions, in spite of
