Dreams Come True 390

relatives there. Wherever we went, father always
‘put himself out' to give us all the cultural and
educational experiences he could - bless him! We
traveled first by train to Montreal, Canada, The
fortress-like city of Quebec was also a stopover,
In each place sites pertinent to early colonial
history were visited and the events explained in
bright detail. Our ship was of the White Star
Line, We cruised along the St. Lawrence River
to its mouth, then into the rough Atlantic. After
one meal or two mother, Sheldon and I were con-
fined to our quarters for the duration of the voyage.
Father and Wendell were not at all affected by the
sickness-of-the-sea, nor did they hesitate to boast
of it.

"Many others had been ill enroute and so it
was in part a pretty peaked-looking group that
docked on that one particular afternoon at Liver-
pool, England, where we were soon taken to a
modest hotel in time for a late 'tea'. This con-
sisted of a platter of thinly sliced white bread
spread with sweet imported Danish butter to go
with our glasses of milk, In no time the rounds
of bread disappeared - they had the taste of
ambrosia to us, The serving woman almost
despaired of filling up 'those Americans', By
morning a 'milk strike' was on and from our hotel
windows we heard the clatter of horse-drawn carts
and witnessed cans of the precious white liquid
being dumped out on the streets,

"We then journeyed to London for a few days
Sightseeing, taking in many worthwhile things such
as the British Museum, Christopher Wren's hand-
somely designed Church of St, Paul, and West-
minster Abbey, etc., and then went on to Oxford.
Here we were settled in a large, comfortable and
clean upstairs sittingroom, which served also as
a dining room and partial bedroom, with another
small bedroom adjoining, And there was a precious
English garden enclosed by a wall, at the rear of
the house, The place was owned by two spinster
sisters who insisted on marketing, cooking and
washing up. The tasteful English food was served
in covered dishes delivered to our door each meal-
time, with the necessary plates and silver. No
