Louis 614

worked beautifully, for soon most of the ''H" gang
warmed up to him and even went so far as to invite
him to pull his traps in the Lyman and Smith Fork
areas and put them around the 'H" herds, which
he did. Although Mr. 'H' himself was very wary,
his son soon accepted Opr. as a close associate
and soon these two were Spending much time
together at the sheep camp where the younger 'H"
seemed to be "hiding out''. Here Opr., from time
to time, was able to observe at close hand many
little things that led him to believe that the right
gang was suspected. For example, there was the
time that he accidently ran across the 'H' son and
his camp tender skating up the canal to opposite
the Christensen place, and when he asked them
why, they laughed and said they were going to trap
muskrats there ~ "the big kind!" Opr. figured if
he hung around there it would just be a matter of
time until conclusive evidence could be secured
or until some other crimes were attempted.

Then there were the inflamatory statements

that the 'H' son made, such as: "If lever shoot at
Christensen at fifty yards it won't be through his
coat but through his body. - If Christensen ever
does find out who burned his Place, I'm going to

him with two six-shooters and hold one on him

while I hit him on the head with the other, and if

he moves [ will plug him. , , Besides, Christensen
comes out every few days with a new story, some~
times accusing the cattlemen, then me, then somée~
body else, They haven't got proof that I done
the burning and cannot convict me of it. If they
arrest me they had better convict me, for if they
don't Dad will break Christensen", The 'H' son
also said from time to time that he believed L. D-
Christensen set the fires himself and he told var-
ious Stories about where he was the nights of the
burnings but none of them jibed. He also said that ,
his father was waiting until some of the home steader
round about got starved out or disgusted with home~
steading and then he'd buy them out cheap.

In his report at the end of February, Opr.
#209 included these Statements: '', The people
around Lyman have made sone open remarks to
the effect that if the guilty parties are arrested
