97 Bested

fussed over their visitor, smiling all the time, and
you could see right away that she had her heart set
on something. As the visit drew to a close, Else
thought that she could like this fellow, but when he
pressed her hand in goodby she knew she could
indeed! But whether she threw her shoe over her
left shoulder that Twelfth Night or dreamed of any-
one, only she herself knew--likely she dreamed of
war.

Then it was no longer just a rumor but be-
came known for sure that Otto von Bismark, who
had just become Prussia's Minister of State, had
readied his newly built-up army, joined forces
with Austria, and was preparing to back up the
Holsteiners and march against the Danes army at
Danekirke, winter or not. He wanted war, and
the chance to try out his new troops and impress
the Prussian King and the Prussian people them-
selves and show just what this new army of his
was worth. The excitement in Denmark became
so great at the thought that one could imagine
hearing swords clashing in the sky! But that was
only the beginning, for when it was announced that
the Holsteiners had freed a thousand convicts to
march against Jutland, everybody eligible there
joined up. Suddenly men and boys were marching
on every road and Mads was with them; Mette had
no longer been able to restrain him. People came
running on every road too, to tell the latest new 5,
and hurried to the towns and stood around on the
squares while the bands played under flying flags,
In every house girls picked lint, not knowing for
what purpose exactly, except that it had something
to do with the firing of guns. Farm hands helped
make cartridges at the school houses and prac-
ticed shooting, day after day, and the most
ordinary peasants spoke passionately of dying
willingly for Denmark, shaking their shovels and
pitchforks and calling back and forth over their
fields. Yes, war was all drums and flags and
passion at first, but after that came the killing!

To Danish minds ''Danevirke'' was a myth
surrounded by historical romanticism; for actually
the embankment was useless. In most places it
