Sheldon Bartholomew 788

same to Mr. Gunther, west coast editor of Look
Magazine. The story was duly purchased and pub-
lished. I still have the original poem."

Sheldon's face really lights up, however,
when he discusses his present creation, a full
length novel ''Promise Me''a story of 'Licit Love",
Incidental to the story is a full length tale of a con-
version, a subtle by-product of the main plot. He
has been dreaming of and working on this novel for
some years and at present it is totally outlined and
with six chapters (10, 000 words) completed. He
explains, ''In addition to keeping kept-up with
family, church, business, ever current reading
as well as some television, I am in the throes of
a major literary undertaking which began a few
years ago and will likely extend through a number
of future anniversaries before publication. Here-
with I feel my undivided, feeble efforts will be best
employed, I've given up hunting, fishing, and I
don't play golf, I love to walk and when I walk
alone my mind is completely occupied with words,

phrases, events, characterizations and a pot pourri
of tales,"'

Sheldon, businessman, churchman and writer,
is the middle one of A, B. Christensen's three
living sons. He is not as large or tall as Wendell
and not as thin as Luthe r, but in looks he seems
to resemble his father much more than either of
the others, Perhaps his dreams are more like his
father's, for Andrew also had visions of writing,
and to get himself into a financial position to do so
he struggled and strove, though unsuccessfully, to
the end of his days. Perhaps he will succeed in
this through Sheldon, as he will succeed in others
of his dreams through his other children - who
knows now? We have no better glimpse of
Sheldon's sensitive nature and keen perception
than in the words he wrote of his father's death:--
"Father died alone in a modest hotel room in St,
George. . . Traveling in the severe cold of that
December 1931, I arrived at St. George about fif-
teen hours after Father's passing. In the last
moments of his life, despite complications of
pneumonia and diabetes, still he bothered to wind
his inexpensive timepiece. I remember well, I
