517 Joseph

went to schools He graduated from the Gunnison
Public Schools with high honors and then took a
preparatory course at the Snow Academy at ;
Ephraim, Utah. It became his ambition to achieve
a high standing in the educational world and to this
his efforts were.devoted. His mother went to Den-
mark the early fall'of 1890 to:see her people, and
‘that winter Joseph attended the Gunnison Seminary
which was-sponsored by the L...D. S.: Church school
system, In the autumn of 1891, with two brothers
and a sister, he entered the Brigham Young Aca
demy at Provo, Utah, where they hoped to ‘obtain :
their.college.degrees.. All four ofthem +. Andrew,
Albert, Elsie and Joseph - Sventuatly graduated
from there.

It was in Gunnison that Joseph first: met Roxie
Bartholomew of Fayette and later: they both attended
Snow Academy at Ephraim and'the Gunnison: Semin-
ary at the same time. ‘They became very intérested
in each other. Roxie, together with her’ yotinger =
sister Sarah, also attended'B. Y. A: at Provo the
winter of 1890/91. It was here-that Joseph's: and:
Roxie's courtship: flourished andi blossomed; ‘almost
within the shadow of beautiful Mt, Timpanogos, ~
Roxie was .an efficient little: dark-haired, round-—

. faced miss of English descent, while Joseph was a
bit-over-six-feet tall, blond, curly*headed youth’

of full-blooded Danish extraction. Now today it is
fashionable to be descended from the early Vikings,
but in those college. days the greatest insult.one |
could give a fellow was to call him "a great big. -
Dane''or 'a great big overgrown Swede", or $0
we have been told. Nevertheless, Roxie fellin
love with Joseph, Danish heritage and all, andthe
two were married Sept. 6, 1893 in the Manti Temple.
‘This was the first of three marriages between the.
-Christensens and the Fayette Bartholomews.’ Later,
Roxie's younger sister, Sarah, married: “Joseph's
older brother Andrew, and still later the girls’
younger brother Alma matried the boys" olde st.
sister, Elsie.

Following Joseph's graduation. from, B..Y.A.
(later B. Y. U.) he first taught, school in Center-
field, but lived in Gunnison near by. Here he .
rented two rooms in the Bardsley home, corner of
