Prophecies Fulfilled 412

a girl, having preceded him in death. . . 8 Oct.
1913 Pauline C, Andersen, age 584 years, daugh-
ter of Christen and Karen Lauritzen Christensen
and Danish emigrant pioneer of 1866, died today

at her home in Centerfield, being survived by her
husband, Andrew Andersen, three daughters, Annie
Lenora 'Nora'! (Jensen), Karen Pauline "Carrie",
and Mattie Isabella (Dack), several grandchildren
and two brothers, Laurs M. C. Christensen of
Manti and Christen Christensen of Jutland, Den-
mark, ..3 Apr. 1914, Anne Jensen Christensen,
widow of Christen Christensen and Danish emigrant
pioneer of 1866, died at age 76 at her home in
Gunnison following an illness, She is survived by
one daughter, Caroline C, Jensen, three sons,
Christen K., Andrew E., and Joseph Y. Christen-
sen, two step-sons, Laurs M, C. and Christen
Christensen, the latter of Denmark, and numerous
grandchildren and great-grandchildren, But in spite
of it all, life went on for most of the Christensens
and their loved ones, at least a little longer, and
the sun continued to shine - or the rain fell,

As we recall, when Andrew B, had been pre-
paring to go to Europe in 1910 he had sold his home
in Salt Lake City to his older brother Chris. Chris
had in turn sold his old home in Gunnison to his
youngest brother Arthur M, These Christensen
brothers and sisters were great to stick together
and help each other out, In the latter part of 1915
the sister Elsie, having had somewhat of a tempor-
ary misunderstanding with her husband, felt it
necessary to sell her lovely red brick home in
Gunnison and move to cheaper quarters, so
brother Arthur M, bought her home and returned
his home, formerly owned by Chris, in on the deal.
Thus Elsie and her five children moved into the old
home and Arthur, Millie and their four children
occupied the red brick house, Louis D., who had
purchased his parents’ old home in Gunnison, was
away most of the time, being employed in Wyoming
with Chris and the Bennion Livestock Company, of
which Chris was general manager, Chris hada
home on ''The Weber'' where he took his family to
live in the summers, but during the winters they
were mostly alone in Salt Lake City where the
children could be in school, Elvena divided her
