Lucile Christensen 886

We had built a large rambling brick home in Salt
Lake on an acre and a half of creek-side property

at 3142 East 3600 South, which we called 'Westate',
We had hoped it would be our home for many years
but it was not to be, for we were inspired and guided
to bring our children to Provo the year Kathryn was
ready to enter BYU. The decision was made, the
home we now live in found, and the younger children
registered at BY High, all ina single day. It took
us several months to sell our East Millcreek home
but nevertheless we moved to 688 North 700 East in
Provo for registration the fall of 1958, During the
Salt Lake years I had worked quite actively as a
free-lance interior designer, I also served in
church as Highland View Ward Primary President
and then as president of the East Millcreek Stake
Primary. I also decorated the Highland View chapel
and new East Milicreek Stake center.

"1958-1969 - Provo Years: In September of
1958 Kathryn, George and I all registered as Fresh-
men at BYU. In October of that year I had an offer
to travel to Europe to help make decoration sugges-
tions for the Hamburg chapel in Germany, then
being supervised by my brother-in-law Burtis F,
Robbins, Berlin Mission President. Since I was
already committed to commute to Salt Lake twice
a week to work with the building committee on the
East Millcreek Stake House, and was also registered
in school, I was obliged to decline the offer. It had
always been my desire that if lever went to Europe
it would be with my husband.

"The intervening years have been very full.
Kathryn graduated in nursing, Barbara in speech
and hearing therapy, Susan in English, and I re-
ceived my BA degree in English the spring of 1964
and my Masters in English in 1967. During the
summer of 1963 I attended the International Language
school at Vienna and then Salzburg, Austria, George
joined me for the last part of the summer and
together we visited Berlin, Denmark and Sweden,
flying home to meet Susan and Barbara in New York,
following their tour of the New England states, Our
son, George Sheldon, served a West German
mission (1964-1966) and upon completion of it met
Susan in Luxumburg and they toured Europe together.
