Kobbe rod 128

there. ‘If I were this ... wayward girl's
parents I'd... plenty soon kick her out in the
street and shut the ... door in her face, snow

or no!"' He dismissed that subject thus, though
his exact words were more highly embellished.
Else thought disgustedly, ''My parents did not

kick me out nor shut the door in my face!'' Then
she recalled Mor's shut door--but passed it off.
She had left voluntarily to save them added
embarrassment and grief - but she would return
under happier circumstances someday, she hoped.
She still longed for a miracle for her family.
“How far to Kobberod?'' she asked. ‘About 28
kilometers, or more than 32 American miles, but
shorter as the bird flies,'' the coachman answered.

Else was relieved when they stopped at
Stagstrup and picked up another passenger; it gave
the coachman other ears to talk into. She had
dreaded so many miles of loose chatter in her
direction. They were traveling slowly too, for
it was poor road, snow and ice mixed with mud,
and many deep ruts to pull through. The two
Danishmen smoked and exchanged gossip and
coarse jokes, punctuated with guffaws--some
about 'Mormons". This conversation Else ignored
as best she could. She was not priggish, but there
was a manner of unmistakable dignity about her
which, after atime, made the others unconsciously
shut their mouths on the vulgar words and begin
talking of more respectable, though to them hum-
drum affairs. Righteousness is a shield against
many things! Meanwhile, Else pulled her wrappings.
up closer about her and pretended to be dozing as
she busied herself with her own musings. She
could have wept from homesickness then and there
had she been alone, strange as it was. Courage
was something she was growing into slowly. She
had never traveled this far away, though she had
longed to without seriously thinking. It was just
that this particular going-away seemed to have
such a finality about it somehow, for it was surely
not very far as distances went. When next would
she be going back to her parents' cottage, she
wondered, and what lay ahead of her now? What
would she find of happiness or sorrow in Kobberod?
It is easier to look back on things, for then one sees
