Elvena 650

and in fact in the whole of Utah that spring of 1888,
for the beautiful Manti Temple had just been com-
pleted. A three day dedicatorial celebration was
held in the Temple and some in attendance spoke

of hearing "a heavenly chorus singing" and of other
manifestations of divine approval. The main dedi-
cation service took place 21 May 1888 and the
dedicatory prayer was offered by President Lorenzo
Snow. This was the third holy temple to be dedicated

in Zion and the Saints gathered from all over for the
occasion.

When Elvena was three and a half, Sept. 1890,
her mother left for a three months trip to her native
land of Denmark to visit her relatives who still
resided there. She took little two-and-a-half year
old Ada with her, not daring to leave the frail child
in the care of others for that length of time. If
three-and-a-half year old Elvena's nose was a bit
“out of joint’ because she was left home we could
not entirely blame her. Yet being of so sweet and
loving a disposition she Probably "took it in her
Stride" after the first wave of disappointment had
ebbed. Her oldest sister Elsie stayed out of school
those three months to look after things and her father
also helped as well as her thirteen year old sister
Emma, whom Elvena adored. But she must have
been a happy child when her mother and Ada
returned home, about Christmastime that year,

bringing greetings and gifts from cousins in
Denmark.

Ada passed away the winter of 1897, not long
before Vena turned ten, This must have been a sad
experience for Vena since she and Ada had been su
very fond of each other. Being forced to part from
a loved one can make quite an impression on one of
this age, especially of Vena's sensitive nature--
when the bonds of love have been so closely knit.
Vena missed the little invalid Ada te rribly. That
feeling of loss must have been somewhat assuaged,
however, when another little girl who needed a home
was taken in by the Christensens soon after school
started the next fall. Vena's new companion in the
home was Tresia, a little Swedish girl about two
years younger than herself - but wiser in the ways
of the world. She was treated like one of the family
