837 Edith Bartholomew

to be at his bedside, But Heber passed away
shortly afterwards, 26 Sep, 1943 and his body was
returned to Payson for burial, 1 Oct. 1943,

Following this sad experience Edith returned
to their home in California where her brother
Clifton's wife, Rhea, stayed with her until she
sold the home. She and the two children moved
back to her parents' home in Payson in Feb, 1944,
She entered BYU again the spring quarter of that
year, expecting to renew her teaching certificate
but was encouraged to remain and work towards
obtaining a Master's Degree. She was employed
there as an instructor the winter of 1945/46 and in
June 1946 received her Master's Degree, In Sep,
1947 she went to Berkeley, California, for graduate
study towards her Doctor's Degree which she
finally obtained in 1956. Her professional work in
education has continued at BYU to the present and
_she is considered '"'tops" in her field.

At present Edith is also a member of the
National Education Foundation of the American
Association of University Women (A.A. U.W.).
She was nominated by the Utah Division of that
board for this honored position, at which time
they presented her extensive Vita, along with the
following recommendation: ''We feel that Dr.
Edith B. Bauer's experience as Professor of
Educational Psychology at Brigham Young Univer-
sity, her excellent professional training, her
administrative experience at BYU and in Tehran
under USOM, contract #115 and her service on
the Association's International Fellowship Award
committee 1962-68, eminently qualify her for the
position,

"Dr. Bauer has held many offices in the
Provo branch and was president 1961-62. She
has served on the Utah Division Board as Imple-
mentation chairman in Revolution in Modern China.
She understands the needs and goals of A, A. U.W.
and is proud of the Education Foundation, She
would like to see it expand its research facilities.

"We are recommending her not only because
of her professional qualifications but also because
of her gracious personality, her devoted service
