Yesterday's Windows 374

telephone, which was installed in a shop-residence,
When a call came in a messenger was sent to bring
the person wanted to the telephone. In 1907 Leo
Gledhill, Millie's older brother, had improved on
this by building a one circuit line in Gunnison, with
signal ringing. Using a combination of short and
long signals each subscriber did his own ringing
and every ring came in loud and clear on every
phone. But this system was also unsatisfactory
and Mr. Gledhill was appointed to work out a
bigger, better telephone service, and so in 1909
the Gunnison Telephone Company was organized,
with a magneto switchboard being installed on the
second floor of the postoffice and operated by Mary
Gledhill. Forty telephones were installed that year
with rates 50¢ per month for residents and $1, 00
for businesses, one being installed in the home

of Gunnison's new Mayor, Joseph Christensen, . .
Familiar sights in Gunnison before 1910 were the
water barrel wagons making their rounds carrying
that good tasting drinking water from Peacock
Springs southeast of Sterling, to the many customers
in Gunnison; for Gunnison drinking water in general
tasted soterrible. When, in 1909, Centerfield and
Mayfield were incorporated as towns and Gunnison
became a third class city, the first big project of
Gunnison City Council, under Mayor Joseph Chris-
tensen, was to purchase the Peacock Springs and
have the water piped to Gunnison. Trenches were
dug, pipes laid, and water made available to all
the homes there by 1910. , . And there were
seasons in those early years of the new century
when the mice were so plentiful and playful that

it took a truly brave man to stand up before the
pulpit and address the congregation. Many a hero
had the actual experience of having a mouse
scamper up and down his trouser leg. In those
days, so it has been said, the closing prayers in
church meetings, unlike the long drawn-out ones
of before, were short and streamlined and some-
times ended with "Amen, I caught 'im', Believe
it or not, Uncle Joseph Christensen must have
been among the brave then, since he presided as.
Gunnison's Bishop most of the first decade of this
century, |
