Edith Lovena 696

piano students after school, I was now twenty-six -
goodness I was getting old! I longed for a husband
and children of my own, Another young man was
pressing me for marriage but I couldn't get my mind
off Burtis. I spoke to Father about him, his seem-
ing lack of gallantry and attention. 'What kind ofa
man do you really want - one who is doing big things
or one who spends his energy doing little ones?'
And he smiled.

"T had been blessed with much, especially
experience, but still had no home of my own, I did
some serious thinking and decided on a plan, I
wrote my resolve in a long letter telling Burtis I
was through. I would hand it to him the next time
he came, It was to be dramatic - final! The day
of Dec. 14th dawned, Burtis called that afternoon,
I went to the door and extended the letter, He didn't
take it but handed a small packet to me instead, It
held a large, square-cut, glittering diamond, The
wedding was set for Jan, 14th, one month away.
Later that afternoon there arrived a box of long
stemmed red roses, and they have been arriving
on that same date every year since. We were
married in the Salt Lake Temple by Pres, Heber
J. Grant. I continued to teach to the end of that
school year.

"That was forty-one years ago, Burtis has
been a wonderful husband and provider, He has
gone along with me in all my ‘flights of fancy'
whether it be the collecting of oriental rugs and
other works of art, antique furniture buying, home
remodling and decorating, creative work with rock
and wood, painting and sculpturing, twelve years
with the Tabernacle choir, or travel to distant
lands, He has been a wonderful father to our one
boy and four girls, There was always money for
lessons from the best teachers, violin, cello,
piano and voice. There was money for them to
study in distant cities and for our son's mission
to Japan, There was always money for the important
things. We had five Temple marriages in some over
four years, including four beautiful home receptions
for which nothing was spared.

Burtis has been a wonderful son-in-law, open-
ing our home to Mother and furnishing her with her
