Joseph 526

fill; therefore be it Resolved: that we tender to the
bereaved family of our departed member our
heartfelt sympathy and call their attention to the
great work their father is now beginning, the union
on the other side and the welcome he will receive
from relatives and friends who have gone before;
and be it further Resolved: that a copy of these
resolutions be given to the sorrowing family, and
also that they be placed upon the records of the
High Priests Quorum of Gunnison Stake."

Among the numerous characteristics and
qualities Joseph had inherited from his predecessors
was a quiet, dignified and deliberate mien from his
father, as well as a handsome head of curly hair,
and a great thirst for knowledge, both secular and
religious, from his mother. He was a great theo-
logian as well as scholar and he used his wisdom
and knowledge for the benefit of others. He was a
tall man. He left the world five tall sons, each as
tall or taller than he, and one lovely daughter who
has been a great comfort to all of them over the
years - and he left a wise and loving wife and
mother to his children, as well as to other children
wherever she was privileged to serve.

His daughter Ruth, in writing of her father,
says: "I feel that father's life can be best summed
up in these words taken from an editorial which
appeared in the local newspaper soon after his
death.'' Thus we conclude his history by quoting
that editorial supplied by Ruth:--

‘In the death of Joseph Christensen last week,
Sanpete County, the Gunnison Valley and Gunnison
lo st one of their real substantial and progressive
citizens. And these citizens - men, women and
children - bowed their heads in sorrow and mourned
his death, deeply and sincerely. His broad mind,
his liberal thoughts, his goodness, endeared him
to all who knew him and he was held in the highest
esteem by thousands of warm friends and admirers.

"In his public life he proved efficient, honest,
and was trusted. He occupied offices of trust and
was placed there for his integrity, efficiency and
honesty; and never once was the finger of criticism
pointed at him. Joseph Christensen was a scholar
