Kathryn Christensen 974

to teach Library Science courses at Utah State
University. The professor who was in charge of
teaching these courses was given a grant to finish
his PhD, and the department of Instructional Media
and Library Science was in need of a person for
one year. Dr. Milton C, Abrams, University
Librarian, recommended me to the department.
Although we now had all seven children with us,
the opportunity to try my hand at this level of
teaching for a limited time seemed worth the
effort. I was made an assistant professor and
asked to teach Use of Libraries and Library
Materials, Reading Guidance, Secondary School
Library Administration, Cataloging and Classifi-
cation, and Elementary School Library Adminis-
tration, as well as to do all counselling of students
with Library Science intere sts. The head of the
department was Dr. Lester C, Essig whom I had
known at Indiana University, The third member
of the department was Dr. Don C, Smellie whom

I had also known at Indiana U. Iwas encouraged
by these men and assured that I had a place here
at the University as long as Iwas here, Their
cooperation and encouragement made it a challeng-

ing but rewarding and a successful year profession-
ally.

“But for some time Resources For the
Future, an organization of mostly economists
funded by the Ford Foundation, had been anxious
to have my husband, Del, come to Washington

D. C. to do some thinking about what the quality
of life in rural America will be around the turn of
the century. So we have decided to accept this
challenge this year (1968/69). It looks as if it
will be a marvelous year professionally for Del,

and all seven children are anxious and able to join
with us for a year near the nation's capitol, "

Kathryn, Del and family left for the Washing -
ton D. C. area in September 1968, After almost a
year of delightful and successful] experiences there

they are now preparing to return to Logan this
September, 1969,

Kathryn's husband, Brigham Delworth
Gardner, was born 7 Sep. 1928 in Afton,

Wyoming,
the son of Brigham Delos and Camera Lo

rean
