809 Everett Hale

parts on the car entirely loosened and thrown off
to the side. Oh, how we worked - without any suc-
cess, Finally, as an afterthought, we deemed it a
good idea to put the car together again. Oy yoy yoy!
It just couldn't be done - too many parts. However
we did get things bolted on, etc., but it looked like
avery untidy trash pile instead ofacar. After
going as far as we had, we decided to play the
gallant Romeos and began taking our walking and
pushing exercises toward Provo. The rest is
short, We hailed a car which acted as atug. We

then made our graceful exit - I hope.

'tWill you look up the requirements of taking
the Civil Service examination for draftsman?
Waldo and J are figuring on coming to Washington
next fall. Waldo wants to take up law. We would
like to start studying on something which would
help us to find employment in Washington. I sup-
pose I'll go surveying again this year if I can get
out with Gentry. Ihave already got that hillish
feeling. Love to all. Hale."

Hale wrote another letter to Sherman ‘5 Apr.
1928, from which we quote excerpts: - "All things
in general are beginning to look like spring, and
we are Surely thankful as we have been having
bum, windy weather for two months. The berries,
peaches, apricots and cherries are beginning to
bloom, making the valley look like a huge garden.
The sweet smell of spring is in the air. This has
its effects. Gives one the hankering to go to the
mountains surveying. YeP, I want to. go-on the
survey again this year. Took a little trip to Salt
Lake last week to see Gentry. He advised me that
the surveyors wouldn't be going out until about the
first of July. This 1s due to the government's lack

of funds.

"T am plugging along
in the future to find my rewer
ads in the Washington papers 4
draftsman? I suppose, however, there will be a
job for me as soon as I'm prepared. I wish I could
do something to help Dad right now. Of course I
am farming every day, which helps in the long run,
but our finances at present although not the worst
could be better. They are bound to be afterwhile.

in my drafting and hope
d, Are there Many
dvertising for
