Kobberod 130:

comely family they were withal. Christen Christen-
sen, the "husmand", an upstanding Dane of some
forty-eight years, was rather tall and somewhat
stern looking, but she took to him right away
nevertheless. His frail wife, Karen, younger

than he by more than nine years, was dark haired
and attractive, and to Else seemed as loving,
gentle and gracious a mistress as one could ever
wish for. The two sons, Christen and Laurs,
looked about her very age, but when she inquired
of it she found she was in between them. Christen,
the taller and heavier one, would soon be nineteen
while Laurs, a bit shorter but with curly hair and
far more handsome, was but seven months past
seventeen, Maren, the eldest daughter, had barely
turned sixteen, She was small of stature and very
pretty, but seemed to take herself somewhat
Seriously. Pouline, almost ten, was the plainest
of the four girls and she was shy and prim.
Petrine, called ''Trina', who would have her sixth.
birthday in less than two weeks, was the daintiest,
most loving and adorable little miss Else had ever
seen, and seemed like the gentle Karen in so many
ways, Sena, just past two-and-a-half years, clung
to her mother and hid her face till it was hard to
judge her. Then there were the two servants who
seemed pleasant enough--a lady cook and a house-
maid, with whom Else was to share quarters.

When Mr, Christensen asked her about herself

and she told him somewhat of how she had been
forced to seek employment, they all seemed to
wonder, and his wife clucked her tongue and said,
"O Ja, --think you any of us would have done it?"
Then the son Laurs spoke up, ''Nej, --this was no
small thing it seems to me," and they all nodded --

all except young Christen. Ja, she was among
friends!

Theirs was a rambling farmhouse and there
was plenty room for much happiness there. It had
been intended for many children, but the gentle
Karen had suffered the mishaps of losing four little
ones, three of them one after another from the
cradle as it were. Had all lived there would have.
been ten children living in the home now, all of
them having been born there in Kobberod in the
Parish of Gettrup, There were Christen, born
