881 Lucile Christensen

Alice and Joseph Burns were finally divorced
and she moved to Salt Lake City, Utah. She is at
present working at the University of Utah Printing
Department doing studies computing. She has no
descendants,

(49) Lucile Christensen (2) tells her own
story in what she calls An Autobiography in Brief:
"1914-1917 - Baby Years: Iwas born 17 May 1914
in Pleasant View (North Provo) Utah. My father
wanted me named Mette Marie, a Danish name,
but Mother prevailed and I was named Lucile,
Father was appointed president of Ricks Academy
in Rexburg, Idaho and we moved there when I was
but a few months old, My recollections of this
period are meager - but vivid, A leather clad
Indian doll which I loved was taken and chewed
up by the rats. We had a large collie dog which,
in its playfulness, often knocked me down, My
brothers shot a huge snowshoe rabbit which they
carried suspended on a stick between them.

"1917-1931 - Years of Our Migrations; 1917,
we were at LaVerkin, Utah at the hot Springs for
Edythe's health and Father's property speculation,
1918, we were at Hinckley, Utah where father
headed the Millard Academy, Here Margaret was
born, Luther and I explored the sage covered hills
and found a horse caught in barbed wire. Much to
Mother's concern I spent many hours. on the res-
pective backs of two mean horses, Fox and Dobbin,
I fell from the seat of a disk-plow and cut. open my
upper lip. 1919, by summer we were living at
Star Ranch near Mona, Utah, Father, understand-
ing my insatiable longing fora horse, gave me a
little sure-footed mare which I promptly. named
'Queen', For the full summer I remember no.
other companion than the beautiful animal on whose
back I lived and dreamed. Father called me his
‘Danish Fairy' and I thrived in the sunlight of this
affectionate name until one day, when he took me
to Santaquin with him, he pointed out an old
bewhiskered man who passed us on the street, by
saying, 'See, that is a Danishman'. Never again
for me did 'Danish Fairy' call forth the same
bright image as before. At Star I had an accident
