Christian 478

word to take 1500 head of sheep and start for the
Weber River area above Oakley, Utah. Arthur
met us above Gunnison and was in charge from
there. That was the start of the Bennion Livestock
Company in which Arthur, Albert and Chris be-
came interested. The following year the company
bought a ranch at Upton, on Huff Creek, from a
Mr. Benson, and Arthur was made foreman of that
ranch. The company herders came there for
supplies, which were hauled twelve miles by team
from Coalville. I lived with Arthur and Millie for
a time and worked on that ranch."

Chris was up on The Weber in May 1910
when he received word of the serious illness of
two of his young daughters. Pearl tells of their
deaths:-- 'In 1910 scarlet fever hit the town of
Gunnison and nearly all the children got it. Elora
and Orilla took the terrible fever and both died of
it within five days of each other. There wasn't
much help for them in those days. Father did not
get home before Orilla died but he came a few hours
before Elora did. She spoke to him and asked him
not to be 'Woodman', meaning a member of the
Woodman of the World Lodge. This request he
kept. (She also, in her young and innocent way,
asked him to take her mother and the children to
the Manti Temple and have them all sealed to him
as a family, for eternity. This he also promised
and was most sincere in it but, like so many, put
it off for awhile for more pressing things and never
seemed to get around to it.) The funeral services
were held on the front lawn of the home. The
girls' caskets were raised so that everyone could
see how pretty they were, with Elora's golden
brown hair which covered her like a cape to her
knees and Orilla's reddish-golden curls. Their
deaths were such sorrows to our family.

"Later on that summer father sold most of
his interests in Gunnison, including our home
which he sold to his brother Arthur, and bought
his brother Andrew's home on 9th East and 27th
South in Salt Lake City. (This home has been so
well described by Andrew's daughter Edyth in
other chapters of this book.) It was hard on our
family at first to move from the country into a big
