585 Elsie

She was a loving, thoughtful and attentive daughter
and Elsie seemed happy in her home. She gave
her the very best of care.

Elsie loved to travel and her children often
included her on trips they took. She recorded an
account of some of these travels in her history:--
"I have visited numbers of places with members of
my family: Mirror Lake with Edith, Heber and
Co., Yellowstone Park with Ellamae and H. D.
Krantz (before they were married), Grand Canyon
with Edith and her husband, little Helen and Mr. &
Mrs. Mark Sabin and daughters - such a happy,
congenial group, and the canyon was So beautiful
and stupendous I was led to exclaim, 'Lo, what
hath God wrought?! Yellowstone Park was also
wonderful in its own way, a scenic diadem in the
midst of a beautiful, natural mountain landscape
with its water fountains, geysers, myriad cascades
and waterfalls. All were breathtaking, but the
Sizzling eruptions of steam and hot water from
the geysers were frightening.

"I had a pleasant trip to California one June,
again withthe Bauers and Heber's brother and
mother, We stopped at Lake Tahoe, which had
the bluest. water I had ever seen; crossed the
Sierra Nevadas to Sacramento and ferried from
Oakland to San Francisco. The fog here was thick
and cold and we had a hard time finding an apart-~-
ment that night - everything was cold and wet.

But the sun was bright next morning and we saw
Twin Peaks, the Zoo, Seal Rock, Pasadena, fish
wharves, yacht docks, and in the evening visited
China Town. We left for Yosemite Park, where
the deer were tame as young calves and trees
ages old. We visited Palo Alto and Stanford Uni-
versity grounds; saw Herbert Hoover's home and
surroundings; had lunch at Mercede; saw ‘fire fall'
and the feeding of the bears at Old Village; went to
Mirror Lake, Happy Isle, Alcapetan, around the
loop to: the south entrance and saw the giant Red-
woods. From here we missed a road sign and had
a hot, dusty ride over a cow trail for about fifty
miles. We ate lunch at Fresno and spent the night
at San Fernando. We went through orange groves
and bought seven dozen oranges for 20¢; went to
