937 Mabel Norma
degree in History.

"Toward the end of June I returned to my
room. one day to discover that the Webster Charm
School (as we called the upstairs area, occupied
solely by girls and long forbidden to the opposite
sex) had been invaded by a boy - a man.--well, a
male! There he was, busily vacuuming the floor
of the east bedroom with one hand, the other ina
cast from the tips of the fingers to the shoulder,
“IT had caught my first glimpse of Reed Webster, in
the flesh that is since I had often seenthe picture
of him and his girl friend from Buffalo that stood
on the piano in the Webster living room. There ~
may be no such thing as ‘love at first sight' but
let me attest to the fact that there can be instant
attraction, I thought he looked very interesting
and extremely heroic in that cast. But thenI |
quickly jarred myself back to the reality that he |
was taken and that I had been asked to vacate my.
room in August so that the young lady from Buffalo
could come and visit,

"Reed was temporarily stationed at Bushnell
General Hospital for the first. few of many opera-
‘tions necessary to regain maximum use ofhis’ ~
badly.shattered right hand and arm. During the
next few weeks his periodic appearance on the.
scene set in motion an absolute flurry of fun and -
excitement; picnics, canyon parties, beach parties
and house parties were continually in progress,
and I was often included as Reed's partner. Now
the lower reaches of the Webster house, affectionately
called the 'Ratskellar', rocked with the rumble of
-masculine voices and laughter.

"It was with real regret that I headed back | to
Orem the first of August. The next two months
owas a period of frustration for me. .The latter
‘part.of September came at last and I-returned to
Salt Lake most gratefully. Upon entering the:
familiar Webster front room, Iwas struck by the
absence of a certain picture. It was with«reak:.
interest that, 1 learned from my roomies that the.
young lady's visit had only served to convince Reed
that his foimies army interests really didn't fit’ |
“into his home environment, He and the girl from
Buffalo had completely severed their connections,
