Ella May 876

"My first full time job ($40. 00 a month) was
with Utah-California Motor Lines in Salt Lake,
where I met my future husband, Harold Dorcheus
Krantz (b. 1 Feb. 1910 in Culdesac, Idaho (near
Ashton) to William Charles and Ellen Louise
Dorcheus Krantz). I called him 'Pat' and he was
tall, dark and handsome. At the time I lived with
Aunt Sarah Christensen, my father's Sister, and
she was like a second mother to me, During this
time Cousin Lucile and I became good pals. We
gave each other nicknames. I called her 'Sally' -

she called me 'Jerry', Hers didn't stick but I've
been Jerry ever since,

"I worked for two years
married at my parents’ home
Cheever, 16 Dec, 1933,
our first two years,

, then Pat and I were

in Payson, by Bishop

We lived in Salt Lake for

during which time our first son,
Bill, was born, Looking at him for the first time
I felt that we had performed a miracle.
exceptionally good bab
time playing with him,
State so wasn't home ve
letter each time he left
when he arrived at his

He was an
y and I spent most of my

Since Pat was driving inter-
ry much. I wrote hima
home so he would get it
destination,

"Then we moved to

where Pat started wor
Our son Mike was bor

Maywood, California,
king for an oil company.
nin Bell, California, We
enjoyed our nine years in California and saw many
interesting places. It was like a dream seeing the
ocean for the first time; the boys loved to play on
the beach. While we were there, Edith, Heber
and family moved down to California, and also
Cliff and Rhea,

''To me, owning a home has always meant
security so I started working at Consolidated Steel
in Maywood to help get a down payment for one.

We bought a home in Whittier, Calif., in an orange
grove. I shall never forget the smell of orange
blossoms and night-blooming jasmine, nor the
plaintive song of the nightingale. Then came the
shock of Pearl Harbor and the blackouts, It was
especially tense on the coast. Consolidated Steel
built tank lighters, anti-aircraft guns and Liberty
ships, (We Saw one of these launched), We decided
to sell our home and move back to Utah or Idaho.
