891 Don Gilmore

watch indicating that it was already the New Year
and Dr, Hagen's that it was still 1916. The doctor
prevailed, Whether his watch was more accurate
than father's I do not know; I do know this, how-
ever, that a birthday sandwiched in between Christ-
mas and New Years is not the best time of year

for a young boy's birthday - it tends to get lost in
the other events of the season.

'My oldest brother, Harold, stated many
times that he did not know Mother was expecting
and that it came as a great surprise to him to
learn that he had a new baby brother. He wondered
if the folks had adopted a child. JI am twenty-two
years younger than Harold. Mother was nearing
forty-five when Iwas born. But whether Harold
was expecting me or not, my parents were and all
of my recollections of them are of tender, loving
care towards me. Mother told me several times
while I was a young Chap that although she had
other children she felt, upon my birth, like ‘Sarah
of Old' must have felt about her son Isaac, who
was born when she was old. She always made me
feel like I was something special and important to
her, and throughout her lifetime I tried to be just

that,

"At the time of my birth we were residing
within the Gunnison City limits but my first clear
recollection of home is the farmhouse. down below
Rocky Point, a mile or so west of Gunnison. jlene
about age nine I became ill with pneumonia an

recall spending conside rable time in bed and out
erating, the ice on

of I was recup :
school, When enough for skating

the Sanpitch River was thick or
and etna I importuned Mother until she finally

let me go out and play with the others. et 8 not
Sufficiently recovered and the relapse oS As
followed was considerably more severe than.

i k Z doctor:
initi i 1 have heard that the
ie mare Em er's constant care

despaired of my life, but Moth

and the 'mustard plasters’ apparently on ee
through. Mother was also my teacher eat
long period of convalescence and I wpb , E a
Prised, on returning to school, to find that 1w
right up with the class.

"Speaking of illness, there was an evening
