Grace Christensen 820

enlarged family - four children under the age of
four. Then too, the way things happened was quite
the talk around town. Iwas born about twenty
minutes before midnight on Feb. 16, 1909 and
Gladys was born about twenty minutes after mid-
night on Feb, 17, 1909. Twins born on different
days. Our family moved to a ranch at Upton, Utah,
when the two of us were going on three (1911),
Gladys seemed to be the constant concern

one there. She got into so much trouble.
on some of it too.

of every-
Iwas in

"Both Melrose and Wesley started school at
Upton. They rode horses; we all did ~ the four kids
on one horse at times. Melrose was reliable and
was the 'boss' when Mother and Dad were away. I
remember the wonderful music of my Mother and
Father. Their voices blended so beautifully.

Dad the mandolin.

as nothing so heavenly.
Sleep by their songs.
‘We moved back to Gunnison into the house
Father had bought from our Uncle Chris. Mother
really had her hands full trying to get Gladys and
me ready for our first day at school, Everything
was home-made - even our bloomers and our hand
knit stockings, I recall so well the old rain barrel

just outside the door, This soft rainwater was used
for washing our long hair,

''That late fall we moved
red-brick house Father bou
This was wonderful - Pavement all over, up to the
barn, around the house - everywhere. We raced
around in our little wagons, It was Shortly after
this that Father and Mother decided to go into the

grocery business and politics. Dad was persuaded
by friends to run for Mayor of

Gunnison, He lost
the race by two votes. Actually, he was relieved
to have lost; his heart wasn't in it - nor the grocery

store either. He longed to be outside with the
animals and soil. So he rented a farm west of
Gunnison and we moved there. Melrose, Wesley,
Gladys and I were old enough to help on the farm.
We worked hard with the sugar beets, hay, grain,

etc., for a year or two. Then we moved back to
the red-brick home.

into the handsome
ght from Aunt Elsie.
