327 With Flags Flying

the flags because our lost sister has returned to
us'', answered Mikkel, ''why shouldn't we cele-
brate?'' And what a festival it must have been
when Else was reunited with her three sisters and
her brother Mads; for we have been told that they
were all gathered there to greet her. Then she
needs must meet their families, for they too had
all come. Besides Karen's and Mikkel's nine
children there were Mads' frail wife Else and
their six living children, two boys and four girls
of ages one-and-a-half to thirteen-and-a-half, and
Stena's husband, Svend Poulsen, and their three
daughters and three sons from fifteen years to
five months old, It was difficult to straighten out
all their names! Marie of course had no one - but
she made up for it in most loving greetings. Yes,
all had come to see the much-talked-of Aunt Else
from America and her small foster daughter Ada.
Wonderful children they were too, thought Else,
but none any finer than her own six sons and three
daughters back in Zion!

ol sl y al
* ie He Bd *

And back in Zion midsummer of that. year,
the Board of Examiners for Church Schools, with
the approval of President Wilford Woodruff, had
chosen Gunnison as one of the places to hold three-
day examinations for prospective teachers, The
exercises had been held July 28-29-30, 1890, in
the Relief Society Hall, with Dr, Karl G. Maeser
presiding and educators from Randolph, Bear
River, Wasatch and Sevier conducting tests on
the theory and practice of teaching theology,
grammar and composition, orthography, elocu-
tion, geography, history, hygiene, arithmetic,
bookkeeping, penmanship, drawing and music,
This event had been looked upon with great
interest inasmuch as it had been the first of the
kind ever held in Zion, Joseph Y, Jensen was one
of the Sanpete Valley residents to apply and be
granted a teachers license at that time.

Seminary teaching commenced that fall in
Gunnison and this was held in the upper room of
the Relief Society Hall. Joseph Y, Jensen was
appointed Principal. The Bible was studied on
Mondays and Thursdays, the Book of Mormon on
