539 Albe rt

@mong his loved ones, He mentioned his father as
of he SO wise, patient, kind and helpful. He spoke
par a Hed with great affection as "the life and
ar Of the home!" She then had given up her exten-
Sees medical practice of some fourteen years and
inti taking boarde rs. She and Albert had many
wa Boo and inspiring conversations that year,
One particular one about marriage. He also

mentioned his delicate little foster sister, Ada,

nd what Joy her sweetness shed in their home.

© Spoke of looking forward to visits with her on

*S return from school in late afternoons.

f During that year he often visited his grand -
ather, Christen Christensen, the only one of his
Srandparents he had ever known. He had such
8reat respect and fondness for the fine old Danish
8entleman, The two had much in common, includ-
‘ng their love for fine horses. The older man had
i eed a thoroughbred colt from birth, with Albert
ie mind, telling him that it would someday be his.
Ogether they had watched this outstanding animal
8Tow and develop until she was ready for the reins.
Aldert broke her and it was during that year that
Py Was given this mare for his own; although he
mSisted on giving his grandfather a fair price for
it, He bought a smart rubber-tired buggy to go
along with his horse and when he went to Provo to
28ain attend B. Y. A, he drove up in style. That
Tl was his pride and joy.
. President Cluff also took a liking to Albert's
ie and often borrowed it during that winter of
895/96, professing a desire to purchase it from
him and keeping it to "try out" for unnecessarily
long Periods at atime. This finally provoked
ae and he said a few harsh words to the presi-~-
te: JF real reason that
Cluff tame Me eel Lill Saco being selected
"288 orator for the graduating ceremony that
“Pring, although he was selected by his class.
€ president stated as his reason the fact that

Albert hadn't taken teachers training so wasn't
©ntitled to graduate. This of course was ambiguous,
“Ince Albert had been a practical teacher of two years
©xperience, Albert refused to take out his degree
Tom B. Y. A. under those conditions, in spite of
