317 A Clear Call

It was not until about 1910 that most people there
had water piped into their houses,

The Christensen's new home in Gunnison was
a block west of the Relief Society Hall, which
building had been started in 1877. In June the
foundation had been laid onthe northwest part of
the public square. The main hall, 30 by 60 feet,
had walls 2 ft, thick and 16 ft. high. This part
was finished in time to hold Sabbath meeting in it
the first Sunday in December, A two-story 12 by
20 ft. 'T'' was completed later on the north end of
the hall and provided a stage and, on the second
floor, along assembly room which was used for
various church meetings as well as school. The
sisters gleaned wheat, gathered ''Sunday eggs",
made quilts and other articles to raise money,
They paid $1, 300 on the erection of their hall and
another $1,000 to help build a storage granary and
fences, Some material was donated by the brethren.
The upper room had seven windows, five facing
north and two facing south. Four long rows of
benches extended the entire length of the room and
in the middle was a large pot-bellied stove and an
oversized woodbox,

This place of church meetings was completed
by the time the Christensens had moved back to
Gunnison in 1880 and was especially convenient
for them after they moved to west Gunnison. Be-
sides all Sunday meetings, the Priesthood met
Saturday afternoon and night there, the Relief
Society held monthly meetings, the Young Ladies
Retrenchment Society met twice a month and the
Young Mens Mutual met weekly. Prayer meeting
was held on Thursday nights and Scandinavian
meeting Wednesdays. The adult and juvenile
choirs each practiced one night a week and one
night was for amusements.

On Friday, 15 Nov. 1889, Laurs and Else
Christensen and their three oldest sons, Christian
22, Andrew 20 and Joseph 183, went to the Manti
Temple together for the purpose of being sealed
together as parents and children for all eternity.
The three had not been born in the covenant as had.
the others of the Christensen children, so it was
necessary that this sacred ordinace be performed
