Tah Albert Sherman

ant smoke as he held it and golden bits

curling pleas
flecked across his vest.

of Bull Durham tobacco

ren and we felt relaxed and right at home with him,
There seemed to be an aura of romance about him.
We had visions of his Indian fighting days, and we
knew even then that he was a hunter of deer. We
were not quite so relaxed around Grandfather Chris-
tensen. While we loved him, he was more nervous
probably and sought more to maintain a. semblance
of order. Why, we could not understand then, but
I must say that age brings insight. Both grand-
fathers, however, were loving and loved. Grand-
mother Christensen made us feel especially com-
fortable and easy, and between her and the two.
grandfathers, both our relaxation and good order

were assured.

me on Depot Street, I
remember the big north porch, especially during.
rainstorms, where we would sit with Mother and

Dad and watch the lightning streak through the sky,
counting at least three between the flash and the
thunder to make sure that we had not been fatally.
stricken; and watching the collar buttons of rain on
the pavement; Elaine in the sunroom--why I recall
this I don't remember; Gin (Virginia) going out on
a date; sleeping on the box seat until reminded by
Father's. threat that if I didn't go upstairs to bed
he would leave the sword (given to me by Sheriff
Johnson of Price) by my side and let me guard the
house all night; hauling our Christmas tree by

a family expedition of

sleigh from the canyon -
high spirits and great merriment - and then later

the Christmas tree in the hall all bright and fra-
grant with wax candles; the swing out back; climb-
ing the old walnut tree; 4 tree-house in the willow
tree; Mother presiding over the dinner table in the.
big dining room; walking along the row of young.
pines in the snowflakes with Elaine as we came
home from a Christmas shopping trip; Mother
reading to us from 'The Last of the Mohicans’ on
the front lawn; Dil, Nat, Phil, Hale, Gin, Elaine,
Dad, Aunt Myrtle -- a flood of fragmentary
impressions which I can hardly put my mind on,
let alone my finger, engulfs me and I leave them
in their totality of love and security and excitement.

Again, at the ho
