Albert 540

the fact that he had the support of his classmates
and more than enough credits. We have heard the
tale about what was lost '', , all for the want ofa
horseshoe nail'', including the rider. In Albert's
case, however, nothing was lost except perhaps a
bit of his pride, for he still had his horse and buggy
and all the excellent knowledge and training accu-
mulated towards his graduation, as well as an
additional amount of wisdom regarding the frailties
of man.

During the school year of 1896/97, he acted
as Principal of the Levan school in Juab County.
In his spare time he indefatigably read Blackstone
and other law books and also studied history, He
had set his mind on attending the law school in Ann
Arbor, Michigan if at all possible, When school
closed he returned to Gunnison and continued to
read and study law all the time hoping that his
chance would come, Money for transportation and
tuition was his main concern, That summer he
greatly missed the ever-ready smile of the coura-
geous little Ada in the home, for she had passed
away the previous winter.

Some other impressionable experiences came
to Albert about that time. He was given the oppor-
tunity to argue his first case before the law. It was
a jury trial and he put up a strenuous legal battle
for the defense, a citizen of Gunnison, Although
they lost the case, his client seemed well pleased
with his services and the leniency of the verdict,
as well as his fee. Albert figured the experience
was well worth the time and effort and so charged
nothing; besides it helped to strengthen his deter-
mination to go ahead with law - sometime - somehow.

One evening he attended the local theater to
witness a performance by a home dramatic club
from Manti, On the handbill advertising the play
was a picture of the leading lady - a Miss Virginia
Snow, Her acting impressed Albert; in fact he
became so interested in Miss Snow during the
course of the evening that he saved her picture
and placed it in one of the law books he was
studying.

The long hoped for opportunity to go to law
