Mabel Norma 938

Why was Iso pleased? After all, Iwas only one
among many of his feminine admirers, as evidenced
by the numerous phone calls and visits from mem-
bers of my sex who were definitely not relatives,

"Though I registered again for graduate work
my enthusiasm for further scholastic pursuits
dwindled. So I took 'incompletes' in my classes
and joined the ranks of the employed. It was fun
to have my evenings free for fun. I got a job in the
president's office at the U of U. Every girl should
have the experience of living with a group of girls
such as I did, and a whole book could be written of
the times we had - and in fact one was started by
two of the girls and appropriately titled 'I Speak
For the Bathtub’.

"Meanwhile, my attraction to young Webster
was completely frustrating to me. In his presence
I felt stupid and speechless, and I knew he con-
sidered me an easy conquest. Iwas too handy for
him. More often than not his 'dates' consisted of
a call up the stairway with an invitation to leave
shortly for a hastily arranged beach or canyon
party. But when I discovered that the girl he took
to formal parties was not me, but one of his over-
eager sorority friends, I plotted by revenge. He
would. be cut off my list, and the next time he
issued his last-minute invitation I'd tell him to
go sit in the sand.

'The chill from upstairs no doubt drifted
down to the lower levels, for Reed began to send
out 'peace feelers', Soon my wounded pride was
soothed and my self respect restored - Iwas ready
to continue this game of cat and mouse with this
Webster 'playboy'. By no means did either of us
entertain the idea of going steady, On every fur-
lough he continued to cut a mighty swath among the
local damsels while I managed to provide him with
sufficient competition with an ever-increasing num-
ber of young men - most of them recently returned
from the service,

'The spring of 1946 Reed completely erased
my former resentments of his ways of dating me
by inviting me to the Military Ball at the University
of Utah. It had been years since I had attended a
