Joseph 518

First North and Second West. This home is still
standing (1968) but now unoccupied and dilapidated,
It was here that their first child Harold was born,
21 Oct. 1894. Likely Joseph's mother Else, who
lived close by, assisted as midwife at that birth.
Roxie always had a hard time having her babies.
She had two more little ones while they were then
living in Gunnison, The first of these, little Roxie
Irene, lived only six weeks (6 Nov. 1896-18 Dec.
1896) and the second, Royal Milton, a month and
eleven days (14 Jan. 1898-25 Feb. 1898) (There
is some confusion now among various members of
the family as to the exact dates of these two births
and deaths - more research should be done. )

Joseph's next teaching assignment, following
the births and deaths of these two babies, was in
Redmond. Harold wrote of this in his history:--
"My first recollections, as a real small child of
about five years, were in Redmond, Utah, a very
small town in Sevier County about ten miles south
of Gunnison, where both my father and mother
taught school. I remember trying to keep up with
the older boys of the neighborhood while playing
'Follow-Jack' and trying to jump.a wide ditch, as
they did. Iwould get wet and then would get my
legs whipped with my wet stockings that had buttons
on the top, and that didn't feel so good,

"The next winter the folks went over to Vernal,
Utah in the Uinta Basin to teach. They loaded our
belongings in a large buggy and we started out by
way of Salina Canyon, I don't remember how many
nights we camped out but the morning after the first
one, father was sure someone had come in the
night and turned our buggy around, Of course it
wasn't the buggy but father that was turned around,
but he wouldn't admit that he was wrong. He made
me a 'flipper' while on that trip. After two years
of teaching in Vernal we went back to Gunnison to
stay and father became principal of the public
school there.'"'

Another baby was born to Joseph and Roxie
that first winter back in Gunnison. But little
La Faun, born 27 Feb. 1901, only lived two and a
half months and then passed away, 13 May 1901.
Thus they had lost three little ones straight ina
