287 Brown Kit

venturesome gentlemen decided to profit by this
acorn crop and thus turned a large number of
hungry hogs loose in Twelve Mile Canyon to feed
on them, But the two "gentlemen" quarreled and
the project was apparently abandoned. By the late
fall the pigs refused to live on the acorns any
longer and came out of the mountains and down
into the fields around Mayfield by the hundreds.
Some of them were penned by the people, as no
One Seemed to own them. Laurs and his boys cap-
tured a couple of the roaming hogs, as others were
doing, and penned them up in their back yard. It
Seems none were prepared for the exceptionally
S€vere winter that followed. Snow fell to an |
abnormal depth early in the season, piled up high
during the winter, and kept up so late in the spring
of 1880 that animals of all kinds could not find any-
thing to eat in the fields or on the range.

In his recollections Albert tells of the tragedy
that was suffered by the Laurs Christensen family
at that time:-- ''Soon all of the feed at home was_
gone and our animals were kept alive only by eating
the straw from the straw sheds. Father had a yoke
of oxen, "Tom" and "Jim", one old milch cow,
"Bluebell" and a heifer "Lillie", that would calve
in the spring or summer. These were the hope
and pride of the family. With careful feeding,
father Managed to winter his oxen, cow and heifer.
The hogs were butchered. As soon as vegetation
commenced to grow in the spring, he turned our
oxen and the young heifer out to forage on the foot-
hills east of Mayfield with the hope that they could
8et food sufficient to survive. We kept track of
them and at first they seemed to be doing well.

"One day, however, my brother Joseph and
I were hiking about in those east hills barefoot.
We first found Lillie in a hollow, dead. She was
Swelled up with her legs sticking up in the air,
Then we went in search of Tom and Jim. We
found Tom all right up on a side hill south of
whe re we had located Lillie's body. We found
Jim further up on the hill; his back was downhill,
his legs were in the air - he was dead. Doubtless
the two had eaten poison weeds, Now we just had
the old cow Bluebell, who was dry, and the ox Tom.
