LaPreal Bartholomew 918

LaPreal married Gene Francis Loveless (b. 12
Feb. 1920 in Payson, Utah to Owen and Virginia
Harper Loveless), A Payson newspaper later
carried this report:- ''The marriage of Miss
LaPreal Bartholomew, daughter of Mr. & Mrs.

A. C. Bartholomew, and Lieutenant Gene F.
Loveless, son of Mr. & Mrs. Owen Loveless,

was solemnized at the LDS Chapel in San Francisco
with Bishop C. W. Nalder officiating. The double
ring ceremony was used, The bride wore a beauti-
ful aqua-blue afternoon dress with corsage of
gardenias and pink roses. Owen Loveless acted
as best man for his son. Inmediately following
the ceremony a wedding supper was given at the
home of Mrs, Mable Harriman, grandmother of
the bridegroom. Mr. & Mrs, Loveless left for a

short honeymoon trip. They will reside at Chico,
California, ''

LaPreal writes, "I married Gene F. Loveles§
during the height of World War Il, This was no sur-
prise since we had grown up and gone to school
together in Payson. Asa pilot in the airforce he
was later shot down over Germany and died 6 Nov.
1944, His body was brought to Payson where he
was given a military funeral, 12 Nov. 1944. We
had no children and I have not remarried, instead
devoted my time and ene rgy to my profession,
which is in the field of teaching nutrition to both
the public and in schools.

‘Having received my BS in nutrition and
education at BYU, I went to New York City and
there received my MS and dietetic training from
Columbia University Teacher's College. Then lI
went to California where I received my MPH (the
equivalent of a Doctor's degree in my field), from
the University of California at Berkeley. I went
to Hawaii to teach in the college there where I
arrived by boat 14 Sep, 1953, Thus I have lived
in New York, Hawaii and California, which is now
my home, and loved them all,

"I enjoy travel - seeing new people and place’:
My civic services have been in connection with my
work in national and local organizations. I have 7°
desire to set the world on fire but live a quiet life
with my hobbies, friends and work."
