331 With Flags Flying

drawn streetcars had been replaced by electric
ones during her absence; also that the Denver and
Rio Grande Railroad had reached Ephraim, only
some twenty miles from Gunnison. That is perhaps
where Laurs drove his wagon to meet her and the
weary little Ada on their return trip home that mid-
December 1890. The towering, snow-capped
mountains deepening into varying shades of purplé
as the day transcended into night... . the sky
jewelled with the same stars, which here seemed
closer somehow. . . the sheltering arms of her
husband. . . the welcoming shout of ''mother"'.

the fond embraces of her happy children; this was
her home, her mountain home !

x ae *K * *

The cry of a new-born babe in the night -

another - then another - 'Lars C. Hansen - son -
January 1891. . . Titus Christensen-son-February
1891. . . William Wasen-son-February 1891. .

Lundgren-datter-March 1891.'! As the new decade
called the ''Gay nineties'' was ushered in, Else K.
Christensen picked up her brown kit again and went
back to ushering in babies in Gunnison Valley and
making entries in her journal. And while she was
so busy taking care of the living she found little
time to do anything for her dead, even though the
words of her blessing must have kept ringing in
her ears:--'', , . You have come forth here on

ae Cn
earth in order to accomplish a great mission,
or your father's and

along with your husband, for your father's ar

mathet s lineage, those who are now dead are in
prison and wait to be freed by you and your amily. '+
Laurs, on the other hand, oiten went to the Manti
Temple to do work for his dead with Christen and
Anne, who were ever faithful in this work. Ona
number of these occasions he did work for Else's
deceased male relatives - her father, grandfathers,
uncles, and her dead brother Christen.

Else found herself a new cause to work for
early that year - helping to straighten out the
political inefficiency and mismanagement in the
Territory; for, according to church historian
Andrew Jenson, ''Under the Liberal Party rule,
Salt Lake City became a regular rendezvous for
foot pads, burglars and thieves; immorality,
