Ellen Elaine 730

"One of our special amusements was a chair-
Swing in which we played 'train', Although the little
boys were rough and pushed it to its limit, the
swing lasted for years. Once, for some unknown
reason, I built a fire under this swing; but when I
heard mother phoning the police (with her finger on
the receiver) my repentance was swift and tearful.
One of our greatest (yet most horrifying) sports
was to be chased by the little boys with daddy-long-
legs which always seemed to be plentiful. The
dread of these kinds of insects has lasted me
throughout life.

"It was here at this old house that I learned
that if you hid raw eggs too long before Easter
they didn't smell very good, Starting two or three
weeks before Easter, our entire family engaged,
separately, in hunting, gathering and hiding eggs
under an-old tub, in the woodpile, ditch, goose-
berry bushes, etc, If we found someone else's
cache it became ours, The one to bring in the _
most eggs at coloring time got.a prize - it was as.
exciting as hiding Christmas presents. We didn't
know about the 'Easter Bunny! then, I remember:
catching toads and getting warts (disproved now);

I remember the entire family being mustered =:
together with dishtowels and papers to shoo flies
out of the screen doors; I can still smell the glue
on the fly paper which hung from ceilings and
doors, where black, shiny wings buzzed and spindle
legs tugged to get free; I hear again the seething,
droning mass of fly bodies in the wire catcher out-
side. I recall throwing Virginia's shoe out in the.
rain and being sent to get it... Just as I stooped to .
retrieve it, lightning forked and thunder broke and
I fell flat in a puddle of mud. The resultant fear

of electric storms lasted until I pretended calmness
for the sake of my own children,

"Other happenings creep along the edge of
memory as I write - the day the house caught fire,
starting and ending in the attic; the old stove-heated
flat iron scorching the window sill where someone
had set it to cool; the rocks heated and wrapped in
paper to warm our icy beds in winter; the making
of paper flowers for Decoration Day (mother
prefered wild flowers from the hills); the sweet
