901 Vera Clark

attending high school I taught in the Primary in
Santaquin.

"After graduation I picked berries in Provo
one summer and then went to stay with cousin
Elaine in Salt Lake City for about three months
before she moved to Cedar City, since Ted was
already down there working. She lived on 4th Ave.
just around the corner and just below the steps
from Memory Grove. Then I went back to Santa-
quin and worked for Frank Andreason for about
ten months. He lived just across the street north
from the east end of our lot. His wife Lauree had
milk-leg and was pregnant and they had four. boys,
Ienjoyed working for them, One day Mother came
over and asked me to come and have dinner with
her as she was alone; Dad was working and-the
children all in school, It seemed strange to be
invited to my own home for dinnet, :

"IT was married 22 Apr. 1938 in Santaquin,
at the home of our Bishop Karl D. Greenhalgh, to
Ivan Peter Lyons (b. 28 Dec, 1915 in Ephraim,
Utah to Joseph and Karen Allred Lyons). We had
a reception the next night at the Union Hall, mostly
dancing. The day after that we went to Ephraim
to live and here we spent about fourteen years. At
first Ivan worked for Glen Nielson raising, turkeys
but later he went to work for the Denver and Rio |
Grande Railroad as a section hand for seven.or |
eight.years, It was when he was transferred to
Castle Gate and Scenic (a railroad section just .,
below Soldiers Summit) every winter and had to
board himself that he gave up railroading.

“We rented for the first five or six years in
Ephraim and then bought our own home there, We
spent one summer living in Scenic, I went to
church in Ephraim occasionally but wasn't too
active when the children were young. We moved
to Wendover, Utah some sixteen years ago. Since
coming here Ivan has worked for the potash plant
just east of town, called Bonneville Ltd. - but now
owned by Kaiser Chemicals of Oakland, California.
It is a good job.

"We have had ten children in the se thirty
years, losing one in infancy whom we had named
