Tresia Clark 926

with a group of young friends in a car when we had
a terrible accident. A drunk, driving another car,
ran into us. My sister Alta was among those in ‘the
back seat but was not seriously injured, as some.
of the othersofuswere. Iwas sitting in the front
seat and was badly injured and not expected to live
for about a week. My face was cut almost from
ear to ear and other damage. Iwas unconscious
for quite a period. When I first saw my father,
after regaining consciousness, I told him that I
was concerned that he and Mother had not been to
the:Temple to be sealed for eternity.. This seemed
to have been constantly on my mind after the acci-
dent, Irecalled Mother worrying about my sisters
Vera and Alta turning eighteen before she and Dad
got around to having us children sealed to them. i I
exacted a promise from Dad at that time that.he..
would prepare to have his and Mother's temple
work done befo re my eighteenth birthday.

Lewis “My parents did. ‘prepare, ‘themselves and
were permitted to go to the House. of, the. Lord. An.
Manti and have their. temple work. done. : and us ~
younger children sealed to them the very day. before
my eighteenth birthday, 27 Mar. 1940. .1 know-how
happy they. will be when all of their children are .«
sealed to them and we can all look forward to being
together:in the world where they have.gone, They
made many sacrifices for.us; the least we.can do.
now for them is to prepare ourselves. by righteous
Hving to join them as a family in the eternity.

‘In 1940 I started a course under Margaret.
P. Maw at the Provo School of Beauty Cultute and
graduated from there 15 Dec, 1941... J.worked for
a year as a’ beautician in Fillmore, Utah and then.
for a time in Helper, | Utah.. {f-also did the same
kind of work in Murray, Utah. after my marriage, )
Ilater went to Salt Lake City and worked in a war
plant (radio tube plant). - - 8

'It was while working in Salt Lake City that
I met my future husband, Max Andrew Rosenlund
(b. 20 Mar. 1926 in Fairview, Utah to Paul Andrew
and Annie Darthea Peterson Rosenlund),

"Max and I first met in February of 1945 and
were married the following October 23rd in
