University Ave.) On that date the veteran educator,
Karl G. Maeser, was released as President of the
Academy and Benjamin Cluff was installed as his
successor.'' The Christensens continued to live

in the House of Many Doors until the end of that
school year however. The old Z. C. M. I. ware-
house stood until this winter of 1967/68 and has
just now been torn down. The House is still stand-
ing, although its adobes have long since been
plastered over and painted a pale green. The
Christensens called this dwelling the ''Knudsen
Place" since it was owned by Hans and Birgetta

Knudsen when they lived there.

In the spring the wagon came again from
Gunnison to take the Christensens and their things
back home, and the next fall it brought them back
to school again. Roxie Bartholomew and her
younger sister Sarah came up from Fayette to
attend B. Y. A. and Maren and Lars Myrup's
oldest son, Lewis, came up with the Christensens.
Though boarding houses changed each year, the
method of transportation did not. For the next
several years the Christensen wagon went back
and forth each spring and fall, often camping on
the way, moving the students of the family and
their things to and from school at B. Y. A. and
more often than not the mother Else would be
driving. We have been told that friends in
Levan used to watch for that wagon each fall and
when sighted would say, "There go the Christen-
sens - the B. Y. A. Can now open its doors!!!
Additional supplies were sent up from home when
needed. Some autumns Else came up and stayed
in Provo for several weeks in order to get the
young people settled. This was true the beginning
of school in 1894, when the daughter Emma joined
the others at B. Y. A.

This educational opportunity would not have
been made possible without the sacrifices and
efforts of Laurs and Else, nor would it have been
possible without the unselfish assistance of the
older son and brother Chris. This should never
be forgotten! Though Christian never had the
opportunity for much formal education, he was
unstinting in the monetary assistance and
