Max Albert 912

his ears. He was a member ofthe crew of.the USS
Enterprise, our country's largest carrier. A
letter from him to Gladys in San Francisco, dated
11 Oct. 1941, read as follows; "My Dear Sister
Gladys:- Yes, time does fly before we realize
where it has gone. I am still well, young and
unhappy, and fighting for the day I will be home
again with all of you. I read your letter and when
I came to the part where you said David had joined
the Naval Reserve it almost, or did bring tears to
my eyes to think he has to come out to all this ‘hell'.
It may be glory back home but out here it is just
gruesome, and hatred for everyone and everything.
At first I did want all of them out here fighting -
now I would like to see you all stay where you are
safe. If David is determined to come though, I
hope I get to see him somewhere,

"It has been over a year now since I have
seen any of my family, even Mildred. Home
seems so awfully hard to believe and far away
that sometimes it almost scares me. I hope I am
not ruined when I get home - this is all so terrible.
We lose friends and it just turns one away. I know
what you mean about Mildred, I have always known
it. She is so faithful and everything she does has
a good will behind it. I hope I can get home to
finish school and then our dreams of happiness
will be well on their way. We are doing fine
though in saving - we have a car all paid for and
five or six hundred in the bank.

"Please write me often Gladys and lets get
back in the way we used to. Somehow you always
locked after me and I Surely need it now. Keep
praying, not only for me but for all the boys, and
with yours and our Christian prayers I know we
won't go wrong. Your loving brother, Max."

A letter from Max to his brother Wesley and
family in Dividend, Utah was written some weeks
later:~ "Nov. 2, 1942 - Hi kids: No, I haven't
forgotten you although I realize it has been some
time since Ihave written. Iam well and we are
still giving them the old 'Enterprise Hell!' I
haven't been made Chief yet, Wes, but Iam keeping
my hopes up. I may be a hero one of these days
when I don't get too scared, I hope you are all
