A Clear Call 322

little time then for reminiscing and less for weep-
ing, so much had to be accomplished in so short a
time. She delivered four babies in July and another
four in August, including one more son to the oft
bereaved Sena and Anthony Madsen, 28 Aug. 1890.
In September she delivered another little one, a
son, to one Jens Madsen, then she set aside her
brown kit for a time in favor of a small trunk and
a large valise, well packed for a three months trip
to Little Denmark. And then the time had flown,
last minute advice was in order all around and
goodbys were being said. Did three-and-a-half
year old Elvena cry and cling to her departing
mother, finding it difficult to understand why she
should be left at home while two-and-a-half year
old Ada was being taken along?

Whether Laurs took Else, little Ada and
their luggage by wagon to Salt Lake City to join the
group of L. D. S, missionaries with whom they
were to travel, or whether he dropped them off at
the nearest railroad terminal at Indianola, we are
uncertain - probably the latter. Nevertheless the
two joined the group of thirteen Elders who left
Salt Lake City by eastbound train just prior to mid-
September 1890, which included the following bre-
thren; Edward H. Andersen of Ogden; Jens N,
Hansen, John O. Rosenkrantz and Pehr Cronquist
of Logan; Harold F, Lilenquist and Michael Johnson
of Hyrum; Peter H, Sorensen, Jens H, Kofoed and
Thor C, Nielsen of Brigham City; Pehr N. Pehrson
of West Jordan; Andrew Hansen and Andres C,
Johnson of Pleasant Grove, all from Utah, and
Christian H. Poulsen of Franklin, Idaho, These
were more than a third of the total thirty-six
missionaries who left Zion to serve in the Scandin-
avian Mission that entire year of 1890,

It should be remembered that the past few
years in Zion had been a period when the great anti-
polygamy drive had been gaining momentum among
the enemies of the Church, and at its height had
taken on more the appearance of an anti-Mormon
crusade, Having commenced in earnest in 1884,
under cover of the Edmunds law, it had been
carried on from then with great hostility and
increasing vigor, not only by individuals and
