67 Kjallerup

certificate reads as follows: "Andersen, Else
Cathrine; Kjallerup, Hvidbjerg sogn, Hassing
herred, Thisted Amt; 1847-9, februar; Hvidbjerg
kirke; Hjemmed¢bt 1847- 10 februar; fremstillet

i kirken 1847 - 14 marts; Gardmand Anders
Christjan Christensen og hustru Mette Kirstine
Christensdatter.'' The English interpretation

gives us the following information; Else Cathrine
Andersen, born 9 Feb, 1847 in Kjallerup, Hvidbjerg
Parish, Hassing District, Thisted county (Denmark),
baptized at home 10 Mar. 1847; official recognition
and recording of birth and baptism at the Hvidbjerg
‘Parish church 14 Mar, 1847; Parents - Farmer ©
Christen Christensen and wife, Mette Kirstine
Christensdatter,

Who was there to know at this recording that
a hundred and twenty-two years hence, thousands
of miles away, one of the descendants of this same
Else Cathrine Andersen would be eagerly searching
a copy of this self-same record for the very inform-
ation which was written down there by the Priest of
that small parish church in Denmark on 14 Mar.
1847? Indeed, who was there to know or even
dream then of things to come, much less of the
significant destiny of that little child? The Great
Maker of destinies must have marked. it well,
however, and then turned. attention to goings: -on
in other parts of the world..

. sh se te ste ste
a8 oS af ae oe

It was bitter weather also < on ‘the we stern
American frontier that February 1847. In the
territory of Nebraska at a place known as Winter
Quarters, which was situated on the west bank of.
the Missouri River opposite Kane sville, lowa,
were gathered some 3, 500 peculiar people calling
themselves "Latter-day Saints", popularly referred
to as ''Mormons", Poorly sheltered from the
weather in hurridly built log or sod houses, they
were the vanguards of some 20,000 ''Saints'' who
had been much persecuted and driven from their
comfortable homes. In the bleak cold of the pre-
vious winter, these Mormons had crossed the ice-
bound Mississippi in a body and traveled north-
westerly across Iowa in a continuous procession,
carrying along with them, in mournful wagon trains,
