United Order 262

he having been so long successful and independent
and one to whom others looked for aid. A story is
told of Christen at that time by his granddaughter,
Florence C, Hougaard:-- "One morning the family
was seated at breakfast when they heard the mooing
of a cow close by, They had no cow - so they went
outside to see. Behold it was one of their own cows
they had been forced to leave behind in ''the Order".
Old Bossy had followed them back to Gunnison.
They were overjoyed and Christen locked her up

in their corral right away. Speaking of it later the
old Dane said, "I don't know for sure if I did right
or not - but I felt the hand of the Lord was in it!"

Though some left the "Order" from time to
time, others moved in. If Laurs had been tempted
to pull out at the end of six months, when his father
did, something restrained him, Pe rhaps it was the
courageous, determined Else, Needless to say,
they stayed on there and continued to labor hard
to provide for their growing family as well as to
contribute their share and more in building the
Organization, Homes were plastered on the inside
with sand and lime. Ceilings were made of cheap
factory and were whitewashed along with the walls,
either with lime or with chalk from Chalk Hill.

Men made their furniture or obtained it from the
Order, whose carpenters were always busy.
Tables, benches, chests, shelves, cradles and
beds were made from logs hauled from the moun-
tains and milled at the lumber mill, Bedsprings
were made mostly from rope, Mattresses were
straw ticks or feather beds. Home spun blankets
and quilts made from worn clothing kept the family
warm, Pine and cedar from the surrounding moun-
tains kept the wood-burning stoves fed, Wool from
the sheep was used for making blankets and clothing»

So life went on, and in the Order much that
went On was mapped out in the various monthly
meetings of the association, from whose minutes
we again quote: July 1875, "Met in the Bowery.
P, C, Christensen appointed to keep order in the
company yards and corrals . . Resolved to
instruct those who attend the chickens to prepare
the eggs for shipment (by freight wagon)... -
Building committee appointed . . . Resolved to
