761 Byron Charles

to take her to it, without any notification, but found
her tied with a patient she could not leave. Another
time when he called in to see her she had been left
to care for three little children, in the absence of
their parents. They attended an afternoon movie,
taking the children with them. They really had .
quite a difficult time getting together - but it was
thus they courted.

Byron Charles Peterson and Mildred Eliza-
beth Olsen were married 22 July 1936 in the Manti
Temple, five days before his thirty-second birth-
day. She was twenty-nine and a half (b. 1 Jan.
1907, Ferron, Utah to Andrew Christian and
Hannah Elizabeth Hansen Olsen). Both Mildred's
parents were dead but she owned the family home
in Manti, which she sold. Byron took her home to
live on the farm in Gunnison. There wasn't much
of a celebration but his father suggested that the
family take a little trip over the Twenty-Fourth,
so father Charles, Ada and Lin, Imelda, Byron
and Mildred, went to Ferron Reservoir fishing for
three days - and that is how they spent their honey-

moon.
Byron served as President of the Ward
YMMIA and then was put in as First Counselor to
the Bishop of the Hamilton Ward. He was later
placed on the Stake High Council and was active
on the Genealogical committee. Mildred was as
active in church as she could be with a farm house-~-
hold to manage and raising her family. She was a
hard worker. They had five children in a little
over eight years, during which time Byron's
father's second wife died ofa brain cancer and he
returned to live with them in the home. Charles
was married again, however, on 14 May 1945 to
another widow and went to live at her home else-
where in Gunnison about two months before
Mildred's fifth baby was born. The farm and
cattle were doing well and furnishing them with
a good living and things looked bright ahead.

Two months after this Byron came down
e throat and grumped around the
house for several days. It seemed he had an

ordinary cold, but though he spent a great deal
of time on the bed he couldn't rest. The morning

with a severe sor
