Albert 550

my brothers Sherman and Hale the other, I rode
with them as far as Salt Creek Canyon and then got
tired of the whole transaction, for we burned out a
boxing and had to camp for a day or two until we
could get a replacement, Father came along in the
old car and took me into Provo where he had taken
Aunt Myrtle and the rest, He had arranged to rent
a house in northeast Provo but it wasn't ready when
we got there so we stayed for a few weeks with some
of Aunt Myrtle's relatives; first the Ashworths and
then the Abner Tanners until our house was ready.
They were wonderful to us.

"We lived about nine months in Provo and
then father bought an old home on an eight acre
farm from M, B. Cutler, who had two wives, each
deaf and dumb and living in separate homes, When
we first looked at this old home, the Mrs, Cutler
who lived there lovingly patted the furnace, about
the only modern thing in the place. Aunt Myrtle
soon made it look and feel like home however, and
later an inside bathroom was installed and other
improvements made, Here we had rows and rows
of raspberries and strawberries, cats and cows,
and an old horse, Molly, who pulled the cultivator
for us through the rows of berries, Father and I
planted fruit trees, apple, peach and cherry,
together with a large garden." .

It was no small task for Albert to re-
establish himself, start a new law practice with
few contacts and very little backing and to build a
career, almost as from the beginning, Though past
middle age and heavily weighted down by debt, he
found sufficient reason to go on fighting. Perhaps
it was his Viking blood that urged him. Even
though his debts ran into many times ten thousand
and more, he resolved to pay back every dollar.

There was seemingly no end to the sorrow
and additional expense he was called upon to endure
those next few fateful years. On July 23, 1926 his
brother Joseph passed away. Sept. 4, 1927 his
sister Emma died, The next spring there was
much illness among his loved ones, His elderly
father was suffering untold misery from diabetic
ulcers; his father-in-law was in bad shape with
cancer and his son Hale was in constant distress
