Edith Lovena 694

I remember the time our cupboard was bare, Ihad
spent my last quarter on apples and day old rolls,
Having eaten these we were entirely without food,

My pay wasn't due for a few days and Grace's check,
usually so prompt, had not come, We prayed
earnestly that night but morning came and still
nothing, We didn't eat the second day and repeated
the prayers, Morning broke again but there was

still no food. We went to school but both were weak.
My prayers were constant though silent throughout
that day. Returning home I found a letter from Uncle
Henry Bartholomew containing a $10.00 bill. He
said he thought I might be able to use it, I dropped
to my knees in thanksgiving, then went out to market,
We had more than one period of forced fasting!

'In the spring I had a letter from home saying
Iwas needed badly. The family's finances had
reached low ebb, father's health was in a poor state,
and mother was desperate. The family had moved
to Salt Lake into a shabby house on a bend of the
Jordan River. I scraped up money for my fare and
was on my way home in amatter of days. I found
conditions as described with the necessity of getting
an immediate job. I worked temporarily collecting
for an insurance company and soliciting catering
orders - it was hard and discouraging work. By
fall I had landed a position in the Madison school,
teaching music in the upper grades and another
subject... J, Spencer Cornwall, music supervisor
of the district, often visited my classes and asked
me at one time if I intended to go east for further
study. He had a plan in mind for teaching group
piano in the grades and said if I could qualify he
would give me the opportunity to start it, I deter-
mined to return to Boston,

"In the meantime, with the help of my earn-
ings, things began looking up for the family. We
left the old home on the bend of the Jordan and
rented an attractive two story red brick house at
1876 South Main St. There were plenty of rooms
for me a music studio and a sewing room for
mother, who was beginning to make temple and
burial clothes for the church at a fair profit, It
was while living here that one of the main events
of my life occurred. Through a blind date arranged
