Brown Kit 284

(she wrote it "Hvisky") was also included since
this was called for in various of the treatments
she had studied. She also purchased a middle-
sized brown satchel or kit, in which to carry her
professional equipment. Upon her leaving, the
gracious teacher bid her a tearful farewell, for
they had grown to be staunch friends,
the following letter of recommendatio
from the Danish):-- "Salt Lake City,
It is Sister Christensen's wish to live
excellent midwife and to bring help an
to suffering humanity so that she may
to God and a blessing to his people.
that I didn't want to give any more in
this work, because of my weakness
ailment I have had to fight,
Christensen stepped to my d
unexplainable Spirit that attended her and it was
impossible for me to refuse her. As I became
acquainted with her I realized that she was a most
worthy person, and she has proved in every way to
be superior to anyone I have ever trained in my
home in this work - this dear, unforgettable
daughter of God. And because of this, with
willingness and in all sincerity, I give her the

very best recommendation to anyone who under

any condition may need the Sincere help of Sister
Christensen, She will attend them and care for

and protect them as a mother of Israel, with love
and wisdom and with Sympathy and patience, This
is my full conviction. Wherefore I am satisfied to
leave her in the hands of God, and anyone who
needs her help, with my very best recommendation.
And may the Lord of Israel bless her entrance into
and exit from every home is My prayer, in Jesus’

name - Amen. Nicolene Olsen, Midwife and
Doctress.'"

and gave her
n (translated
June 14, 1879 -
to be an

d happiness
be an honor

I myself felt
struction in
and long lasting
But when Sister

oor there was an

When Else returned to Mayfield she was at
once called into service. The nearest regular
doctors were at Manti and Ephraim and so her
help was greatly needed, not only in her own town
but in all of South Sanpete. She had only been home
a day or two when she was called to deliver a new
baby, recorded thus in her medical journal:--
