Andrew 506

came, I proudly initiated the conversation. He
came back articulate, with grammatically perfect
German and, mind you, completely without an
English accent. I could hardly believe my ears,
Then, as his keen memory began to recall German
axioms and adages, which he quoted verbatim with
amazing ease and versatility, I found it much more
comfortable to change the whole subject. No ques-
tion about it, this man was a master.

"But great minds have master passions and
there's no denying that many strong men, in
adversity or under mental stress, have turned to
some perverted sort of habit or activity, dissipating
their time, talent and strength. Father was tested
with many circumstances and in a wide variety of
circles, but he was never enticed, But then again,
father was a man of great vision. Through the
annals of time many visionary men with the best of
intentions have been careless and even reckless in
fiscal matters, Of this, father was a classic
example. During the period of his life when his
dreams were mostly unfulfilled, he borrowed
heavily from many sources, Unfortunately, most
of his debts were never repaid. At the same time
he was most prudent in spending for himself or his
person, What he borrowed went into projects or
for travel, In his immense undertakings he probed
considerable chemical, metalurgical and scientific
fields, gathered endless samples, set out to dis-
cover mining deposits throughout the entire west
and procured numerous options and leases. Had
he succeeded in his projects he would have been
a hero and, believe me, anyone who had helped
him would have been rewarded handsomely.

"Father wanted to help rather than hurt
anyone. Always the ultimate betterment of others
was uppermost in his mind. I think he resented
secretly, as do others, many of the financial
limitations in our economic system which are
imposed upon so many. But for him resentment
wasn't enough; he took off in dead earnest to do
something about it, not by way of exploiting the
rich or by the political route of higher tax imposts
but through arduous and unrelenting struggle to
organize and develop dormant resources around
