851 WLuther Bartholomew

six children later (15 Apr. 1961). (His wife is
the former Velda Ruth Johnson, born 4 Jan. 1912
in Duchesne, Utah to Oscar Emanuel and Sophia

Deseret Baldwin Johnson).

"Tl wanted to get back to college and get my
degree. Two years passed while Velda and I
worked together toward achieving this goal. She
managed a ten unit court in exchange for our
apartment and utilities. I kept on at the hospital,
In Feb. 1936 our first Son, Steven, was born,
September of 1937 found us in Pullman, Washing-
ton with our hard earned savings. We hoped with
careful handling and my working all vacations that
this would see us through school. In Dec. 1937
our son Kent was born, and by the end of this school
year we had used over half of our savings. In the
light of this situation, Velda decided to go to work
the following fall. She applied for and got a posi-
tion as secretary of the National Youth Administra-
tion at the college. This she did until I graduated
in 1942 with my Doctor of Veterinary Medicine
degree, During the time while we were Saving to
go back to school, the curriculum had changed
from a four to a five year course ~ I had to go the

five years.
"School was a tremendous satisfaction to Me.

My record throughout the entire five years was
almost straight A. This made it possible for me
to get into the scholarship honorary, Phi Kappa
Phi, the Veterinary Medicine honorary Alpha Psi,

and the Biological honorary Phi Sigma.

"After graduation I returned to California

with my family, and the Hollywood Cat and Dog
Hospital - this time as 4 Doctor. I worked for

Dr, Fosbinder for $500, 00 a month for six months
and then went into partnership with him. In 1944
I bought the business from Dr. Fosbinder for
$10, 000 and leased the buildings and grounds from
him, The years that followed were very demand-
ing; I worked long hours. Sometime s I had an
assistant and sometimes I worked alone but we

ks vacation, ,This

usually found time for a4 two wee
ustom: We met at my

became somewhat of a €
sister Edythe's home in Mill Creek Canyon, Salt
Lake City, with all my brothers and sisters and
