497 Andrew

sell, Word went around among the farmers, how-
ever, that prices would be higher in the spring and
to hold their crops. Spring never really came.
The snow was heavy and stayed on the ground until
nearly May. Food for cattle became scarce and
father was forced to buy hay at $40. 00 a ton to
keep 1,000 head of cattle from starving. Again
the banks advanced the money. Finally, when
winter ended, the market had vanished for both
cattle and wheat. It was almost impossible to

sell at any price. The banks which had loaned so
freely now wanted their money. Farmers, who
for all their lives had been able to get almost any
amount on signature, were given a flat 'no!'
Father of course was over-extended. It cost him
his share of the ranches and all other owned assets
to get out, and he still owed thousands of dollars.

'In 1923 we left Star Ranch and moved to
Salt Lake City. I suppose we had lived in worse
places but the little house on the bend of the Jordan
River was at least a place to house the family now
in dire financial straits. Mother, brave and cheer-
ful, set about, with almost no money, to make the
place livable, scrubbing, cleaning, painting and
papering, with the help of us children. I remember
my pride in helping to select the paper which,
when hung, looked great.

"I don't know just how father managed; I'm
sure he was deeply discouraged and for a time
there was little for him to do but borrow from
friends and relatives. He was gone a great deal
trying to get things going. For atime he got a
job of some kind in the southern part of the state
somewhere, sending mother the money to meet
accumulated bills, Edythe was asked to come
home from school in the east, which she did,
finding an immediate job to help out. Sheldon
and I worked in some mines in Farmington Canyon
for the same purpose.

"Gradually our situation improved, Father,
by some means, rented a big house on South Main
Street into which we moved,'' Lucile tells of this:--
"We lived in a large red brick house on Main Street
next to the McKinley School, Here were both parlor
and livingroom, and in the latter a fireplace.
