259 United Order

In Else K. Christensen's journal she wrote: --
'We were baptized into the United Order in 1875,"
It must have been the very first part of 1875 how-
ever, that our two Christensen families from
Gunnison moved to the settlement in North May-
field and joined the Order there, for inthe minutes
of that Association for January 1875 we read --
"Resolved that we employ Elsie (Mrs, Lauritz)
Christensen and Marie C, Erickson to superintend
the milking of the cows in the company herd, and
divide the milk according to the members of each
family... etc.'' The minutes for February 1875
included the following: -- 'A township, 640 acres,
is being located on the south side of Twelve Mile
Creek, . . Resolved to ask President Joseph A,
Young to counsel us in regard to moving our
improvements to this location (they did not move)
. . » Considered letters from those asking for
membership in the Order. . . It was decided to ©
trade some horses for cattle. . . Resolved to
buy a Wood's Self-rake reaper", These are typical
U. O, minutes, the originals are now in possession
of a Mr, Hansen of North Mayfield, a grandson of
Peter H, Hansen, then secretary of the organization,

Most of those early North Mayfield homes
were built of logs. The Christensens' first homes
there may have been temporary willow-covered
extensions to their wagon boxes until log cabins.
could be built for them, But the families must
have been safely settled before long that mid-winter
in acceptable, though modest, quarters, since all
were to share alike in the Order, at least as far =
as the essentials were concerned, They had: .:.:
brought ali they owned with them, which must have
been little enough, and consecrated it to the Order,
having disposed of what they could not, bring. » On,
the other hand the spiritual gifts they brought > --
along must have been great, for they were people.
of strong faith and deep humility in the main. :
Their spiritual blessing must have been increased
many-fold there, especially for those of them who
sincerely sought to consecrate their very lives,
as well, in an all-out effort to keep:the divine laws,

In the Mayfield Order land was divided into
fifteen acre pieces, considered then to be worth
