United Order 272

fact that we are not wholly alone, and that there
are some things inexplicable about dreams.
Through this and other experiences I have come

to believe without doubt that warnings are some-
times given to people through dreams, One
morning at breakfast time mother told us that she
had had a dream about me and the big irrigation
ditch that ran past our home on the north, with a
foot-bridge across it, She told us that she dreamed
that she was standing on that bridge looking at the
water in the ditch as it flowed rapidly westward
and under the bridge. All of a sudden, upstream 4
little way, she saw my hat come floating. She
hurridly stooped down from the bridge to pick it

up and when she did so, there was my face under
the hat. She said that she then awoke and was 80
worried about the dream that she couldn't go back
to sleep, She was afraid that something would
happen to me if I didn't stay away from the water.
Of course, I promised that I would be careful. A
few days afterwards mother told us that she had
had another dream about the same as the first
except that she was standing on the bridge across
Twelve Mile Creek, which people crossed enroute
to North Mayfield. As she was looking at the
Stream she saw my hat floating down toward the
bridge about as she had seen it a few nights before-
She rushed down to get the hat and as she picked it
up, my face was under it, That morning she
appeared more worried than ever and told us all,
and especially me, not to go near the "creek", as
it was called, , . Very soon after the two dreams,
mother told us of another dream which she had in
which she was again on the bridge which spanned
this same creek, She again saw my hat and under
it my face, as she had seen it before in her dreams:
We all promised to be careful around the water and
not go near the creek, After atime however, 25
nothing unfavorable happened, the excitement about
the dreams was more or less forgotten.

"Before this it had been common for my
brothers and me, with other boys, to go fishing 0”
the creek with our string lines and pin hooks. The
'Big White Hole’ was especially popular, Here
the water entered the hole rapidly and the white
foam would often cover its surface in different
