Albert Sherman 776

he was expected to be a man of integrity, possessed
of judicial temperament and of an age to permit good
service on the bench for years to come, , , A. Sher-
man Christensen met all those requirements. Ihave
known him and his family for many years and have
watched his performance as an outstanding lawyer
and citizen. In all circumstances he has stamped
himself as a man of competence and ability, with

an excellent reputation for honesty and integrity.

He will make a fine reputation for himself and Utah
as a member of the federal judiciary System,' He
has abundantly proved worthy of this appointment,"

From a recent biography of Sherman we glean

this information: -- "Working as Assistant Business
Specialist in the Bureau of Foreign and Domestic
Commerce, A. Sherman Christensen attended night
school at National University, Washington D. C.,
where he obtained his LLB degree in 1931 and a
delayed degree of Juris Doctor from George
Washington University as of the same year,
Admitted to the District of Columbia and Utah

bars, he practiced law in Provo beginning in 1933,
specializing in trial work. He was President of

the Junior Bar conference 1937-38 and served as

a member of the Utah Board of Bar Examiners in
1939-1942, He also was the unsuccessful Republi-
can candidate for Congress in 1940. In 1942 he
enlisted in the Navy and after officer
Served as Officer-in- Charge of the Naval Auxiliary
Air Station for two years and thereafter, until the

war ended, as Staff Operations Officer, Naval Air
Bases, Twelfth Naval District.

indoctrination

"Resuming the

practice of law in Provo after
the war,

he was elected a member of the Utah State
Bar Commission in 1949, and to the office of Presi-
dent of the Utah State Bar in 1951. He was later a
member on the Committee on Rules of Civil Pro-
cedure which made recommendations to the Supreme
Court of Utah resulting in the adoption of rules for
the State patterned after the Federal Rules of
Procedure.

'In 1954 he was appointed United States
District Judge for the District of Utah and has
served in that position ever since, His primary
responsibilities have been within this District but
