815 Everett Hale

"Beautiful Home" and a former close neighbor,
Edgar T. Reid, dedicated the grave. What a host
of friends Hale had. This was evident not only
during his illness but at his funeral and burial as
well, So many young people were in attendance.

None of Father's brothers and sisters were
present at the funeral or burial. Neither Aunt
Vena or Aunt Elsie could be there. Uncle Andrew
was in California and Aunt Sarah couldn't come.
Aunt Florence had been taken to the hospital again
so Uncle Louis wasn't there, and Uncle Arthur was
working on a ranch somewhere and couldn't be
reached, Everyone there at the burial however
was so wonderful to us. We stayed all night at
Manti. Phil, Cullen and Mable slept at Reids.
Father and Aunt Myrtle stayed with Aunt Millie
at the Eagle House, while I stayed with step-
grandmother, Sorena, in the old home where both
Grandmother and Grandfather Christensen had
passed away. I seemed to feel their spirits there.
I'm sure they were among those to welcome Hale

on the other side.

ation with Sorena was mostly

1s last illness and suffering, for
he had been gone but a few months. Then we talked
of the life hereafter - and somehow we hit upon the
subject of genealogy. I had never thought of this
seriously before but that night I was struck with
my responsibility in this matter. I came away
from Manti bearing Grandmother's and Grand-
father's Temple Record Book, together witha

firm determination to seek out my dead progenitors
and do something about them. And thus, with Hale's
death, there was born in me the spirit of Elijah. I
did not know then that Some thirty-two years hence
I should be spared from 4 fate similar to this pre-
cious brother's only by the miracle of modern
medicine and a Divine Providence - spared as it
were, or so it seems to me now, to work on our
genealogy. Truly, 'tGod moves ina mysterious

way..."
Father, torn for a

My convers
about Grandfather

year after our beloved

Hale's death with nights of sleeplessness and days
of remembering his suffering, went to the Salt
Lake Temple the evening of Hale's twenty-third
