923 Cullen Yates

into an odd and painful position. . . Later, witha
walker heel attached to my cast, I was able to walk,

"Our flight to Washington was a chore, to
put it mildly, beginning at 2:30 a,m. 18 Feb. 1947.
However, the most difficult part came after we
arrived. In my 'unhandy' condition we were the
last ones off the plane, thereby missing Cullen's
page for us over the loud speaker. Having received
no response, Cullen and Daryl checked the time of
arrival of the next flight and spent the interval
gaily window shopping, having lunch, etc, Mean-
while, back at the terminal we were experiencing
almost complete despair. My efforts to make con-
tact by phone were of course fruitless and the boys
were so tired from our almost sleepless night that
they were completely unmanageable, Finally, after
what seemed like an eternity and to my indescrib-
able relief, the parents of my charges appeared.
Whew! That was my somewhat unpleasant intro-
duction to five fabulous months in Washington D.C.,
the first four weeks of which were spent housebound
ster-in-law, because of my cast.
But this provided us an opportunity to get acquainted
and in no time at all I became convinced that my
brother Cullen was the luckiest man I knew."

Cullen graddeted from, Ggarge Washington
University Law School with an LLB degree in 1948
and the family returned to Provo, Utah. He was
admitted to the Utah State Bar in 1949 and joined
his father and two older brothers in their law firm
there. He has been a practicing attorney since
that time to the present in Provo, with the excep-
tion of a period (1951-52) spent again as special
agent, U.S. Army Counter Intelligence Corps,
during the Korean War.

nd Cullen eventually built a beautiful
home on Canyon Road in North Provo where they
reside, They both find time to play golf and Cullen
to go fishing and hunting, Attending conventions
all over the country is also a part of their life
together, for Cullen has served as president of

a number of local civic clubs and organizations

as well as president of the Utah State Bar. He
sought his first political office in this last presi-
dential election (1968) when he ran as a candidate

with my newest Si

Daryla
