Albert 538

became known to them that despite all odds I was
going to study law. A close friend told me of my
mother's reaction when she spoke to her about the
many hardships and temptations to be encountered

in attaining and following this profession, My

mother said she had full confidence in me and knew

I would surmount the obstacles and be a good lawyer,."'

The autumn of 1890, when his mother went
back to visit her people in Old Denmark and search
out her genealogy, Albert entered the Gunnison
Seminary. The next fall he went to Provo, Utah
and enrolled in the Brigham Young Academy there.
A Judge Wilson was giving an elementary course
in law and Albert was. attracted to this. Here he
was introduced to some of the writings of the
famous English jurist and legal historian, Sir
William Blackstone, and later bought one of his
books, He also registered for German, mathe-
matics and psychology. The fine educator, Dr,
Karl G. Maeser, was still president of the B. Y. A.
until about midterm that year, or Jan, 1892,
‘Albert recalled Dr. Maeser passing him one morn-
ing bound for his home where he had inadvertantly

left his keys. ''Ven you haf your brains in your
heels", he explained in his inimitable manner,
"you must use your heels!" While there he also

played on the college football team, which was
before the days of heavy padding and helmets when
the game was really rough.

He helped to put himself through college by
working summers and teaching alternate winters,
The school year of 1892/93 he served as Principal
of the District School in the small farming com-
munity of Koosharem, Sevier County. The fall of
1893 he again entered B, Y. A. and continued his
studies in English, German, Latin, mathematics,
speech and pedagogy. Dr. Benjamin Cluff was
president of the Academy then.

The winter of 1894/95 Albert taught fifth
and sixth grades in his hometown of Gunnison,
That summer he worked hauling posts and poles
to fence the 160 acres of land he had purchased
from his father. He had also acquired a city lot
and several head of livestock out of his earnings,
I heard him speak of that pleasant year at home
