3 A Lovely Land

agriculture is still the backbone of its economy.
Though the Danes export many products, such as
porcelain, linen, glassware, silver, furniture,
fish, etc., their milk, butter, cheese, ham and
eggs, all products of their specialized agriculture,
are the most important. They help to feed Europe
and some even find their way into American kitchens.
Even though they export the best of their dairy pro-
ducts, the Danes eat well and are likely the best
fed European peoples today. They are not wealthy
(there are comparatively few millionaires in Den-
mark) but they attain comfort if they fall short of:
riches, These people are fairly well;educated,
since Denmark is one of Europe's best, instructed
countries; there is no illiteracy there. Compul-
sary education, introduced in 1814, was reinforced
thirty years later by Bishop Grundtvig's famous _
"Folk High Schools", which still exists These aim
to train adult students in the literature,.history,
georgraphy and culture of their own land, and algo
in the art of living. Many Danes can speak English
(or think they can).

On the far-east coast of the island of Zealand
lies the city of Copenhagen, of "'Kobenhavn", mean-
ing merchants-haven. It. was 4 small fishing and
trading village until 1536, when it became capitol
of the realm. . Now one of Europe's loveliest
capitols and a center of culture for all Scandinavian
peoples, it is also Denmark's largest city by far,
housing nearly one-fourth of her entire population,
including the present Danish King Frederick IX and
the royal family. Copenhagen is situated on a
beautiful harbor, over which presides Denmark's
finest bronze statue, ''The Little Mermaid" sitting
on her rock, a docking place for multitudes of
great and small ships and crafts of all kinds,
bringing in products from all over the world.
But Copenhagen, despite her growing cosmopolitan
leanings and her accumulation of much that is
geared to the tastes of ultra modern sophisticates,
is still very much of a Danish city, with her old
spires, towers, statues, palaces, churches,
bridges, and harbor canals--some dating to the
Renaissance. With typical Danish ingenuity the
Danes have managed to maintain here, as elsewhere
in their land, the image of 'Old Denmark".
