729 Ellen Elaine

and God who hears and answers my prayers.

"I know that, looking back on one's youth,
memory makes childhood a constant summer, I
have heard no tale of unusual happenings when I
was born, 12 Oct. 1902 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah,
except that Aunt Retta was furious with Father
because I came along, a ten pound tub of a baby,
to ‘little Jennie' her sister, when my sister Vir-
ginia was but thirteen months and six days old.
Our first home was on 155 North 2nd West. I
remember the house as a two-story white brick
structure set back from a black iron fence, a
space of lawn parted by a gravel path which led
to a front porch and then on around the south side
of the house to a kitchen entrance and farther on
to a large back lot with garden plot, woodpile,
outhouse and a corral.

"Inside the house on the ground floor were a
parlor (seldom used in winters) one bedroom,
kitchen, pantry, non-plumbed bathroom, and
dining room, the latter being the family gathering
place. Here and in the kitchen were coal stoves
which furnished the only heat. I remember white
starched lace curtains at the dining room windows,
a square table, chairs, a couch bed, and the pot-
bellied stove behind which we children played house.
The old range in the kitchen was also a gathering
place, in the warmth of whose open oven door we
took our baths in a galvanized tin tub before donning
either our nightgowns or our long-legged fleece -
lined cotton union suits and long black stockings,
bloomers, flannel petticoats and starched dresses.
I remember the hum of the kettle and its steam
coating the windows which steam turned to crystal
frost before morning. We had to scratch it away
with our fingernails before we could peer out.

‘There was one partially finished bedroom
upstairs, used only in summers, which we
reached by climbing up steep wooden steps, past
naked spaces of beams, braces, brick chimney
and sloping, dusty eaves of the attic - a scary
place of creaking sounds, lurking spiders and
bats - yet a place of wonders because here through
the small and only window I was lifted up to see
Haley's Comet and shivered for the end of the world.
