Lorraine Clark 958

(64) Lorraine Clark (9) was born in Goshen,
Utah County, Utah 14 Nov. 1926, She was three
and a half when the family moved to Santaquin
nearby. It was in Santaquin that she received most
of her formal education and where she graduated
from Junior High. It has been stated that she was
always one of the top students in her classes, if
not the top one. In her ninth grade year she was

honored by being chosen May Day queen of the
school.

She started High School in Payson but quit
early in her first year to go to work, as some of
the other children inher family had done, to pro-
vide themselves with "'the extra things" for which
young people yearn and for which there was ve ry
little money available in their home, although it
was rich in love, sacrifice and devotion. Though
her father was a laboring man with a limited edu-
cation, and the family was large,
did all they possibly could to raise healthy, whole-
some, happy children. Actually, Lorraine and her
brothers and sisters had a wonderful heritage,
having come from purebred English and Danish
stock. All of their four grandparents were cour-
ageous emigrants who left their homes in their
native lands and came to Zion for the Gospel's sake.

yet her parents

Lorraine had an opportunity to go to Delta, ;
Utah to work for her cousin, Ada P. Johnson, and
a lovelier person than Ada was hard to find. Lorraine
worked at her place for at least a year, helping with
the house and children. From Delta Lorraine went
to Ephraim, Utah and lived with her married sister,
Vera, and family. By then the war was on and a
parachute plant had been opened in nearby Manti.
Good wages could be made there and they "bussed"
workers from the surrounding towns, so she got a
job there. Vera writes:- "Lorraine came and
stayed with me when I lived in Ephraim. She was
at our home when our daughter Ann was born (18
Sep. 1943). She started working at the sewing plant
in Manti and stayed with me a year or so and quit at
the sewing plant and went to Salt Lake to work, She
had sewed since she was a young girl and was a
lovely seamstress,"'

Lorraine's sister Tresia writes:- "I was
