Bested 106

consented to the Parish Priest having a part in it
we have strong doubts. However, be that as it
may, their plans were made. Rudolph would

begin raising a cottage for her, while she returned
to Bested to teach young children reading, writing
and Bible stories, for the Bible was used as a text
then in many Danish schools. Come spring again
she would return home to prepare for her wedding,
but she wished to have a try at teaching for which
she had prepared so diligently, She hoped to be

a good teacher -- and after that, a good wife. But
there was another hope which she dared not voice
but for which she prayed silently with all her heart,
night and day, Oh that her people and her love might
be guided to a knowledge of the true and everlasting
gospel; this was the import of her prayers. She
knew this was a large request -- but miracles were
happening in Denmark every day, and Else believed
in miracles,

The families on both sides were well pleased
with the engagement, but Mette herself was over-
joyed and proud at the prospects of getting so fine
a son-in-law -- Ja, and from the nobility too, way
back! She planned a bright wedding festival for
Spring; it would be her first opportunity. With
difficulty she turned her thoughts to other, more.
mundane, things. Helping Else get prepared and
off for teaching took attention, as did sewing and
fixing for Stine who would leave home for the first
time to enroll in Thisted City Folk High School,
Next year she would take her apprenticeship in a
lace making establishment, for that was what she
desired. Karen was still working in the embroidery
shop, and now Marie put up a fuss to go to work
also. She wanted no more of school for she
planned to be a housemaid or a cook, and Mor
could teach her that, Most Danish peasant girls
started working at twelve, she said, to help out.

It took some doing to get her back to the school-
house, but Mette was set on''deres bdrn'' getting
as much education as possible. Far was doing
well now with his rents and his daughters needn't
go to find employment so young. Besides the farm
and cottage, he owned an extra building or two in
town, did "householder'' Anders, Then Christen
had come back from the war and he was gloomy,
