(Ae Al War Whoops

however, Early in the afternoon they found they
were being followed by Indians, s0 immediately
corraled their animals to prevent a stampede and
prepared for the worst. The Indians dismounted
and took to the cedars which formed a kind of
horseshoe bend around the place. From this point
they fired upon the company, killing Lars A,
Justesen, a Danish emigrant. After two hours of
fighting the Indians returned to the hillside. Riders
were sent out to Gunnison and Richfield for help
but the Indians pursued them and succeeded in
severely wounding Adolph Thomson, When word
reached Gunnison a party of twenty-nine men went
immediately to their assistance. They also came
upon the body of Charles Wilson, who had been
murdered by the Indians near the scene of the
other attack.

So in spite of Black Haw
although the renegade Indians who kept at it in
Sanpete and Sevier did not make as nwny attacks
as the previous years. The energy and vigilance
of the militia had their effects upon these wily
foe and they saw their prospects of raids in safety
and success fading. But accustomed as they were
by now to feasting on the cattle of the settlers,
many grew fretful at having to stay within the safe
limits of their strongholds subsisting on crickets,
grasshoppers and an occasional game animal, So
Some continued their raids - safe or not. Espec-
ially the young chiefs and sub-chieftains were
rebellious and defiant and boasted not a little of
their prowess and deeds of blood, These young
warriors were loath to ''bury the tomahawk" or
eat humble pie by creeping back into the good
graces of Uncle Sam and the.settlers as Chief
Black Hawk had done. Also, in the south, north
and east, the Shiberetch, Capotah:and Elk Mountain
Indian bands, as well as the turbulent Navajos,
were still on the warpath and troops were kept on
Scouting expeditions against them, Ail in all the
Indians continued to make things sufficiently dis~
tressing for the settlers most ofthe year 1868,

k the war continued,

It was a strange paradox that while the
Settlers continued their war against the redmen
on the one hand, they were earnestly laboring to
