365 Yesterday's Windows

It was perhaps in midsummer of 1904 that
the son Andrew left for more advanced study in
Europe. Laurs and Else must have been extremely
excited about this for he planned to visit their rela-
tives in Denmark first, before going to enroll for
classes in Germany. Else in particular must have
loaded him down with the addresses of her people
and ''many loving greetings" to give them, as well
as plenty of advice about the necessity of gathering
as much genealogical information as possible while
he visited in Jutland. He was, of course, urged to
call on his father's brother Christen and his two
daughters, his wife now being dead. But in ali
instances he must have been cautioned not to men-
tion the Gospel in an outright manner lest he offend
his Lutheran relatives and wear out his welcome
oversoon, Andrew B. arrived in Jutland, Denmark
as scheduled and was welcomed with much warmth
by his Danish kin, especially Else's people with
whom he spent a number of happy days. They were
much impressed with their nephew and cousin
"Anders", as they cailed him, if the reports in
their letters back to Laurs and Else were any
indication. But Andrew's advanced study in
Germany that followed did not fare as well, for
it was unexpectedly interrupted.

Andrew had left Sarah and the three children,
seven-and-a-half year old Adelbert, four year old
Edith and one year old Wendell, comfortably situ-
ated in a rented home in Prove, Utah. Edith tells
of this in her own history:-- 'Mother was living in
Provo, Utah. Two of her younger sisters, Mary
and Rose Bartholomew, were staying with us while
attending B. Y. U. Father had returned to Europe
for further study. In late November, 1904, snow
covered the ground and it was cold, Adelbert fell
ill with diphtheria and was isclated, I soon suc-
cumbed to the same disease but was given the anti-
toxin which helped turn the tide in my favor, When
I began to recover I asked to see my brother
Adelbert. He was my dearest playmate and, being
about three-and-a-half years older, was also
something of a champion and defender to me.

They toid me that Adelbert had been taken away.
No, he would not be back, He died 29 Nov. 1904
and was buried in the Provo cemetery. Grief and
