347 And Should We Die

Death struck often in those early days in
Gunnison Valley and the Christensens and their
loved ones could not always escape the hand of
the Grim Reaper. Laurs' youngest sister, Sena,
or Nielsene Christiana as she had been christened,
had had some misfortune with her children, having
lost four out of nine sons sent her over a period of
twelve years, three of them one after the other.
She had been wed to Anthony Madsen 18 Oct. 1883
Some three months after the death of her sister
Maren Myrup, when she was twenty-one and
Anthony, who also came from Kobberod, Jutland
where she was born, was twenty-three. Sena's
tenth son was born 21 July 1898 but died the same
day before he could be given a name. Sena herself,
youngest child of Christen and the gentle Karen,
followed this last of her little ones in death the
next day, 22 July 1898, which was the fifty-first |
birthday of her brother Laurs. She was thirty-S1x.
Mother and babe were buried in the same casket in
the Gunnison cemetery. Anthony Madsen married
again in less than five months, for he was sorely
in need of a woman's help with the five surviving
Sons, the oldest nearing fourteen, He was wed to
& Danish girl, Nielsena Necolena Dortary Nielsen,
°r "Lena", The ceremony took place in the Manti
Temple 14 Dec, 1898. On this same occasion the
necessary work was done for the departed Sena
and She and Anthony, with all their sons both 7
lving and dead, ey sealed together as 4 family
Or eternity - and Lena stood for Sena. Lena her-
Self Zave Anthony two sons and two daughters but

nly one of each kind lived to present him with
8Tandchildren.
gerated sadness

There are times of exag :
say whose passing

2CCompanying death. Who can
“S Most a that of a much loved child, a
YOung so-much-needed mother, OF oné of the ''Old
: N€s'' who goes to the grave trailing his accumu-~
rece years of struggle, courage and overcoming
©hind him? Christen Christensen pas sed away
fits 21 Nov. 1899 in his eighty-third year, going
bids like a fine hewn log, an honest man well
Wensoned with experience and great faith, He
Ps Sick very long; pneumonia took him, He
“med to know he was going and 'tis said that in
