913 Max Albert

keeping the flags waving back home as I sure want
some of that 'Old Giory' pretty soon, also some of
that canned deer meat you have hoarded away, I
hope the kids are both OK and give them my best
love. Please write soon and give me the latest.
Your loving brother, Max,'!

The folks at home were concerned for him,
Grace wrote to Gladys: 'Have been so worried
about Max - still don't know which carrier was
sunk, No news now is good news, My heart
jumps every time I hear the doorbell,'' And
Millie wrote to Gladys (30 Nov. 1942):- ''We've
been so worried about Max. There is still one
aircraft carrier missing but since I got his last
letter I'm sure it's not the Enterprise. Mildred
is taking a month off at Christmas time. Grace
and Doug are taking a trip before gas ration
begins. . . Iwill send your ration book. We have
had some trouble getting coffee but think we'll
have plenty now as I have some in storage, .
Dave and Myrtle will fly home for Christmas.

I feel sorry for the Fishlers now they have two
sons and two sons-in-law in the war. . ."!

With everyone else in it the temptation to get
into the war proved too great for Max's wife,
Mildred, and she joined the nurses corps. He
objected, but you know how most men are about
their wives, He mentioned this in a letter to
Gladys dated 15 May 1943, fromthe USS Enter-
prise:- 'My Dear Sister Gladys: Just got a letter
from Mildred and she was awfully blue at the way
I feel, Ijust can't help it - she asked me how I
felt about her joining the service and I told her.
After all this time away I certainly hope I don't
have trouble at home like that, but I certainly
don't like it and she knew it when she went into
the army. Inthe case that Ido get home now and
she has gone overseas, as she said she was going
to do, Iam going to be in a fine fix - back to the .
States and no wife, Sous

"I almost forgot to tell you something
important, at least you won't have to go around —
with a gob, as I made Chief the first of June -
how's that? I took the examination the other day
and sure enough I knew enough to slide by. Don't
