Th) Albert Sherman

stars, clouds - and the other wonders of nature
and life - all having roots as interests in my early
recollections. When I feel confused or uncertain
and have a special need for strength and balance,

I find nothing more helpful than to return to the
scene of these early influences--Sanpete County--
and again get my fingers and my heart into 'The
Hard Rich Soil"

From a recent book, ''The Sons of Brigham!"
by Dr. T. Earl Pardoe (pub 1969) we have received
ission to copy the following:-- "At Brigham
man was a varsity debator
drama each year of attendance.
He had leading parts in such shows as ‘State of the
Union', 'Bill of Divorcement’, 'The Music Master’,
'The Winslow Boy', 'Lady Windermere's Fan', *The
Man Who Came to Dinner', 'Peter Ibertsen" and.
‘Julius Caesar’. Few will ever forget the quarrel.
scene between Brutus (Sherman) and Casius (Dr.
Parley A. Christensen), It smacked of highest
professional power. This appreciation of the
dramatic carried over to the court room and
disturbed several of Sherman's legal antagonists
who lacked that ability. Also at Brigham Young
University Sherman was praised for his debating
power and was elected to student body offices. ...
An ardent Republican, he early became interested
in politics and led discussion groups all through
high school and college. He desired to emulate

his able father.

"When A. Sherman was nominated Utah's
second federal district judge, considerable data
was accumulated to be sent to President Dwight
D. Eisenhower to submit to the Senate. A lifetime
appointment requiring Senate confirmation was a
prize sought by more than fifty prominent attorneys
over the nation. Sherman was re commended by
Utah's senior Senator, Arthur V. Watkins. ...
Senator Watkins, in part, stated, 'Because of the
usually high calibre of candidates, selection was
extremely difficult. Efforts were made to select
a nominee of the highest qualifications. In addition
to sound legal training the nominee was expected
to have wide experience as a trial lawyer, because
the federal court is a trial court. Furthermore,

perm
Young University Sher
and took part in major
