the translation over to me and, seating me at his
desk, allowed me to make a copy of that portion of
his diary pertaining to the voyage. He said that I
would be the first to do so. Brother Jenson pro-
duced large maps of Denmark and pointed out
places of interest to me. I thanked him and began
to copy.

Feverishly Iwrote. Boundaries between the
past and present seemed to disappear. Day by day,
across the great Atlantic. I experienced with my
precious forebearers all the newness, excitement,
anxieties and sorrows of that difficult and memor-
able journey. This was one of the most thrilling
genealogical experiences I had encountered. Only
those who have known the exhiliration of discovery
can appreciate my feelings at being thus "caught
up". Iwas astonished when they announced it was
4:30 p.m. and closing time.

Again, in the spring of 1958, a little over a
year after father's death (Albert H, Christensen),
the telephone rang. Aunt Myrtle, my dear '"'second
mother" was on the line. She had been cleaning out
the basement of the old home in Orem preparatory
to offering the house for sale. Midst the clutter
and trash, the coal dust and spider webs, she had
found an old dilapidated brown satchel. Apparently,
upon Grandfather Laurs Christensen's death, some
30 years before, the satchel had been entrusted to
father's care, but very soon found its way into
basement storage and was forgotten, Its contents
were musty and dirty. Aunt Myrtle picked up the
bag gingerly, took it out into the backyard intending
to consign it to the flames of a bonfire already con-
suming other discarded rubbish. But something
stayed her hand, She put the satchel on the back
porch. The next morning she made a cur sory
examination of its contents but found nothing of
interest to her. At that point she was prompted
to call me and ask if I wanted the dirty old thing.
Did I!

Recessed in its cracked, musty interior were
small journals, old letters in a foreign language,
and precious documents of the past, glimpses into

vi
