927 Tresia Clark

Evanston, Wyoming, where my parents had been
married, We lived in Murray, Utah for a number
of years and then bought our present home at 6871
Springbrook Way in Salt Lake City. We have had
two sons and three daughters and are so grateful
for each of them. We also had my sister Alta's
son Terry in our home for several years until he
went into the service. Max and I went through the
Salt Lake Temple and had our five children sealed
to us, 10 Dec. 1960.

'I started working at the Mode O'Day factory
in 1944 and am working there at the present time.
I have worked off and on all during my married life.
My husband Max and our eldest son, Wayne, and I
have gone into the part-time business of upholster-
ing and we are doing quite well. We recently built
the booths for the Oakridge Country Club, Max
built. the booths, Wayne did the upholstering and. I
did the sewing. It was a beautiful job, if Ido say
so, and we have had a number of calls from other
interested parties and have a couple of jobs to bid
on now, My favorite hobby, besides my family
and the church, is sewing. -At present we are
repainting and refurnishing our home and I have
been making new bedroom drapes and,also new.
ones for the kitchen,

'T have been a Sunday School teacher for the

past eight or nine.years. We now live in the

Butler 5th Ward, Butler Stake. [Iam very anxious
to get started on my genealogy. I don't know. the
first thing about this work but I'm, determined to
learn. Our oldest daughter Karen attended BYU,
at Provo this past school year and took. classes in
this subject. She too is interested in genealogy
and perhaps together we can do something abo ut,
our own, My main desire in life is to, stay close
to the church, live by its teachings, and raise
righteous children."

Descendants of Tresia Clark and Max: Albert,

Rosenlund: -

(A) Wayne Max Rosenlund bo
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 2 Oct.
Lake City, Joy Evette Borg (b. 13°C
Salt Lake City to Chirrel and Ruth Afton

rn 4 Aug. 1946 in’
1965 in Salt
1949 in
