Joseph 524

his mother used to tell of those days which might
be called, 'There's more than one way to skina
cat'', She and Joseph had decided that they. should
have some trees on their place there at Rocky
Point, but for the life of them they. couldn't agree
on where to plant them. Finally Joseph just went
ahead and planted some where he wanted them and
Roxie let him go ahead and do it and said no more
about the affair. But then she went outside after
that for a little while each day, when Joseph wasn't
around, and gave each of the newly planted trees a
real good shove. Roxie always ended this story by
saying, '. . . And do you know - not one of those
trees ever grew!!!

We passed that place near Rocky Point the
summer of 1967, There were no trees standing
there and in fact not the slightest indication that
even a house had ever stood there. It was a dry
and barren place. Harold was with us and pointed
out the spot where his folks had lived some forty
years or so ago - but only rocks and dirt were there,

Joseph grew more quiet as the days went by
and also somewhat listless. It was evident that he
was not entirely well; yet he kept plugging along
and complained little, if at all, Then, about the
forepart of July 1926 he came down with an extreme,
though then undetermined, illness which took him
to his bed right away. He seemed to know then that
he was nearing his end. Roxie must have realized
it too. She said that in this last illness Joseph's
mind was so clear that he could figure out the
answers to problems that had perplexed him for
years,

As his daughter Ruth Ellen sat by his bedside
_ grieving one day, he told her that death was like
waking on a warm morning in June - and he did so
dislike winter! And when he was very, very ill
and close to death and his brother Andrew stood
beside his bed, he told him that he had been close
enough to death, in that last illness, to know what
was coming; and he likened death unto ''meeting

a morning star'',

Joseph died in the farmhouse near Rocky
Point, 23 July 1926. Strange to say, he was exactly
