811 Everett Hale

They found that part of his large intestine
had become enmeshed with a large, hard growth
almost completely closing it off. Much inflama-
tion had occurred which had affected some of the
small intestines. He suffered most severe pain.
The doctors had to leave part of the large intestine
on the outside so that the affected part could sluff
off, and also leave his side open So that it could
drain, Later the large intestine was opened so
that it could drain through the side of the abdomen.
Though this brought some improvement and hope,
it was only temporary.

Hale wrote what is thought to be his last
letter, lying on his back in bed in the hospital
where he was suffering terribly. This is the
letter:- "Dec, 13, 1928 - Dearest Dad in all the
world: Today is your birthday and I wish you all
the happiness and joy in the world. Oh, Iam
thankful for a father like you even if I haven't
It's been my ambition to become as big
you are; always thinking
bringing joy wherever you
I feel and my love

shown it.
and respected a man as
of others, sacrificing,

go. Words cannot express how
for you.

"I hope you are all over your cold and feeling
fine. And I hope you have been successful in your
cases. Ihave been feeling better lately and my
spirits are high. Well, dear Dad, give my love
to Aunt Myrtle and the children and everybody.
Daddy I love you. Your loving son - Hale.'"'

In a letter to Sherman Dec. 24, 1928, Father
told of preparations for Hale's last Christmas: -
'Aunt Myrtle and I came up Saturday to do what
we could to give Hale a little Christmas cheer.

Aunt Myrtle went home yesterday and I will go
home today and we will all come up to see him
tks here are all doing what they

tomorrow. The fo

can to cheer him. Some young people, girls and
boys from the Bench, came up ye sterday and
brought him a beautiful bouquet of roses, and
other tokens. Gentry also came and spent some
time with him and brought him a present. Aunt
Retta and family brought 4 beautiful Christmas
tree all decorated. And so with these and other
flowers and presents coming in, his room has been
