Other Dimensions 38
6. OTHER DIMENSIONS

Far back in the history of Denmark, its
people must have felt that there was something
greater, stronger and more glorious than them-
selves--something they ought to fear, reverence
or worship. Surely this feeling, this belief, this
upward urge was a part of the makeup of our first
Danes, as it was with other prehistoric peoples,
and as it is with us, Of course there would have
been the doubting Thomases, the self-sufficient--
or shall we call them skeptics--who live by the
rule of the known dimensions and never take stock
in anything they cannot see, hear, smell, touch,
taste, or perhaps heft, These there will always
be; the individuals, through whose well-walled
thinking "the intangibles" never filter nor do they
leave any mark upon the conduct of their lives.

Palle Lauring, in his book ''A History of the
Kingdom of Denmark"! (from which so much of the
information about this country was taken) has this
to say about the Danes first--shall we call it
religion? 'Among prehistoric Danes, apparently
whether anything went right or wrong, was a ques-
tion of fate, The powers-that-be decided one's
luck and thus one had to pacify them, protect
oneself against them and, if possible, be on good
terms with them, There was hardly a question yet
of real gods, Spirits lived in streams and marshes,
and offerings to them were made everywhere, The
woodland lakes were black and dangerous, so
earthenware vessels containing food and amber
pearls were lowered into the bogs and marsh ponds;
magnificent great stone axes were consigned to the
streams; meat was deposited on sacred stones; and
in spring and autumn, the all-important periods
when all matters were decided, it is likely that
sacrificial-feasts were arranged."

", . . At the same time there was some
thinking being done about the dead. They should
be allowed to take what was theirs along with them
when they were buried, for in the next life they
might need their things. Nobody wanted the dead
to come back in order to claim their property--
the dead were dangerous, So weapons and jewelry,
