597 Emma

the air ring with sweet music, Mother loved music
and could play and sing a bit herself, '

"Emma was born with that rare gift of being
a peacemaker, There wasn't much room for family
squabbles and misunderstandings as far as she was
concerned, Also, she had a very affectionate and
emotional nature. Her eyes would often overflow
with tears of pure joy and appreciation and yet she
would react the same way in her moments of sad-
ness, She and Charles were true examples of pure
love and devotion to each other and to their child-
ren. These same choice virtues she displayed
equally with regard to her beloved father and
mother, as well as to her brothers and sisters and
all others who availed themselves of her generosity.
She was so charitable and sensitive to the needs of
others. And she had a way with people - truly she
was an influence for good among her fellowmen.

"Once Uncle Ben Peterson, Charies' brother,
came to live in their home for a few months. He
had acquired the cigarette habit, which of course
was very distasteful to Emma and Charles and
their family. With tact and being able to say just
the right things at the right time, however, Emma
was influential in giving him the courage and deter-
mination to 'shake!' the dirty habit. He was most
grateful and many were the times in the years which
followed that he sincerely thanked her for this kind-
ness to him,

"Uncle Joseph liked to drop by often on his
way to and from his farm and partake of the proffered
refreshments, And mischievous Uncle Lou, who
delighted in teasing, would come in and help him-
self to any sweetmeats or delicacies that were
available, whether Emma was at home or not, At
her return from the garden or field he would pre-
tend to be extra hungry and when she would go to
serve him a piece of pie or what-not, she would
find to her amazement tht her 'cupboard was
bare', so to speak, since Lou had already devoured
the 'treat' ahead of time, Her brother Louis would
have his little joke! _

"Passers-by and even hoboes dropped in
many times at her gate requesting 'hand outs',
