Farrald DeLong 830

into the Stake as YWMIA secretary, which position
she still holds,"

Farrald served in World War II in the Navy.
He was ona destroyer escort in the Pacific much
of the time. He left his wife and children in Salt
Lake City, going in Mar. 1944 and returning twenty
months later, in November 1946. He was with the
U. S, Naval forces which were poised for a gigantic
invasion of Japan, when the war ended. This was
entirely voluntary service as far as Farrald was
concerned, since he was not required to go except
by the dictates of his own conscience and his deep
sense of patriotism.

He continues his report: ''We have four child-
ren, all boys: Carl, Beulah's son by a previous
marriage whom I adopted, Leon, Lavon and Gerald
Ray. When we finally went to the temple (29 Jan,
1964) all four of the boys went along and were sealed
to us,

"Carl was called on a mission for the church
shortly after graduating from Davis High School,
He was called to serve in Argentina but was sent
at once to Chile where he served in what became
the Chilean and then the Andes Mission, Leon
graduated from Bountiful High School and attended
the University of Utah for two years before accept-
ing a mission call to Denmark, After returning
home he went back to the University and graduated,
Lavon also graduated from Bountiful High School
and attended the University of Utah for two years,
He then entered military service and served in
Viet Nam with the 4th Infantry. He is now safely
home and back at the University. Gerald also
finished High School at Bountiful and started
college at the U of U. After the first quarter he
received a call to the Northern Mexican Mission.
He too is home again and back in school at the
University.

"T myself am now secretary for the High
Priests group in our Ward in Bountiful so am not
entirely at my ease,'' Farrald, upon questioning,
admitted he had other hobbies besides his family
and the church, mostly ''do-it-yourself'' projects.
We would like to add that he has a great spirit of
