Aalborg 170

wedding ceremony was held, undoubtedly at the
Saints Meeting Hall, and Maren Christensen be-
came the bride of Elder Lars C, N. Myrup, while
Laurs M, C. Christensen was wed to Else Kath-
rine Andersen, It is most likely that the president
of the Aalborg branch, Elder Hans Jensen, officiated
in the presence of the family, friends and members.
Else felt somewhat alone since none of her own
people were present at the wedding. In fact, none
of her relatives had ever met her intended husband,
although they might easily have, had they been
willing to extend an invitation, Else's past had

to be forced aside now -- 'twas but the prologue

to a new and more exacting life ahead. Recollec-
tions of the bitter and sweet of it however, would
linger with her as long as memory remained.

There were numerous other things requiring
the Christensen's attention during those four weeks
they were in Aalborg. Having their likenesses taken
by a professional photographer was an important
item on their agenda, So, attired in their best,
they went and had a daguerreotype made of their
family group, desiring to record themselves as
they were just before leaving Old Denmark, (Little
did they know then how reproductions of this photo
on tin would be treasured by their posterities more
than a hundred years hence.) So we see them as
they posed for that family portrait in April 1866,
more than a century ago. There is Christen him-
self and his son Laurs in their Sunday suits, each
with curly hair, white shirt, hand-bowed tie, and
waistcoat with an impressive watchchain marching
across it, The gentle Karen is seated there on the
right of Christen, wearing her large fringed shawl
and bonnet tied under her chin, with a dainty white
hand made lace collar at her throat and yards and
yards of long, full skirt billowing out around her
in the latest fashion, doubtless held so by several
stiffly starched underskirts, Maren stands back
of her mother, with amber ear-drops and her hair
in a snood, looking rather solemn for a newly-
wedded bride of seventeen, hardly doing justice
to her real charm and beauty. Pouline and Petrine,
standing on either side of Karen, look very pretty
in their bright plaid dresses with long, ballooned
sleeves, cinched in waists, full long skirts and
