Myron Ellis 796
caring for his motherless children.

Dee takes up the story from here:-- ''Myron
and I took up farming in Clarion, Utah (near Gunni-
son) and farmed there until Delta City took the
water rights away. After leaving Clarion we moved
to Gunnison for awhile and then we got the oppor-
tunity to come to Genola, Utah to work for G. H.
Chaffin on his ranch, This was during the severe
depression of the 30's. Myron worked on the
Chaffin ranch for ten years and then bought a farm
of his own in the Genola area where our family still
lives. We have five living children and one died at
birth, The five are all married now and have child-
ren of their own, so Myron and I live on the farm
alone and still work hard. But we travel quite a
lot in our car and always go on at least one big
trip each year, most usually in late fall or winter
when the farm work can be left alone for awhile.
We have been to the Northwest, Mexico, and num-
erous times to California where we almost always
drop in on Ruth Ellen and her family in San Diego.
This winter we took Myron's brother Marvin and
his wife Lois with us to Ruth Ellen's, We enjoyed
ourselves there. The last trip his brother Harold
took before he died was with us to San Diego. We
love to travel. We go fishing a lot too, for Myron
loves to fish.

"The winter of 1967 was a hectic one for us.
My mother passed away and Myron was laid up with
the gout in his foot, This was pretty tough for a
farmer. Then our son's year old boy was in the
hospital with spinal meningitis and was very sick,
though he finally responded to the medication.
Grandma Dee had the four year old to care for
during his baby brother's illness. Generally we
have good health and should not complain, but we
too are getting old like the rest of you. But we
enjoy life a lot.

"While in Goshen, Myron has been a member
and one time president of the White Lake Riding
Club. He was also employed by the Strawberry
Highline Canal Co. here for eleven years, At
present, besides operating his own farm, he is
employed on the large church farm at Elberta,
Utah, not far from our place, and has been for
