621 Louis

without finishing gathering the eggs, Set my bucket
down and went straight over to Dad's house. I
knocked but there was no answer So I stepped in-
side and called to Dad - but there was still no
answer. I went hastily to his bedroom. It was
dark there as the blinds were down as usual. I
turned on the light and froze stiff. There was my
father on his bed - dead. He had been shot and a
gun was in his own hand. Finally I gathered my
stunned senses together and looked the situation
over very carefully without moving from the spot.
I started to cry and then got out of there and went
to find Beth and then ask some people to call the
Sheriff at Evanston and also the coroner. They
put it down as a suicide but I myself will never
believe that it was. I can't prove anything: but I
just know that it wasn't, without a doubt."' After
appropriate and beautiful funeral services, Louis
was buried beside his beloved wife in the Lyman

Cemetery, 9 Feb. 1959.

Their daughter Alice wrote: - "Tl have had
the grandest father, mother, sisters and brothers
on earth - just a marvelous home life with them."'
And their daughter Rose concludes this history by
Writing: - ''From my sentimental, loving Dad I
think I might have inherited my love for music.
Always I shall remember his rich, deep voice
reflecting his moods - to awaken us in the mornings -
to entertain us while he sat and chorded his own
accompaniment - to rock me to sleep until I was
So tall he'd turn sideways to get me through the
door while I pretended to be asleep.

'He had a fine sense of humor and keen per-
ception with his love of people. We used to have
wonderful discussions on countless subjects and:
were great friends. He had the air of sweet
dignity and old-fashioned courtliness that is. seldom
seen today. Wherever I've gone, someone has
remembered him and gone out of their way to help
me because of it. 1 rented a room in Santa Monica,
Calif. at one time from an old woman who, I found
out later, was from Rock Springs, Wyoming, and
who said Dad had captured the murderer of her
grocer-husband - she couldn't do enough for me
after she found out who Iwas. This is typical of
