199 Tragedy

glad to see the wagons drawn up to form a corral,
when they could stop and rest their weary feet for
a spell, The young people, however, never
seemed to tire and were usually bent on having
their dancing and lively sports at the. day' s end,
-until the call of the horn summoned all together
‘for song and prayer before retiring. Then dancing
and all other music ceased as hundreds of voices
were lifted in a hymn of praise, What mattered

if they sang in different tongues - the. Almighty
Father understood all, The hymn finished, utmo st
quiet would prevail throughout the camp as one of
the Elders prepared to offer up a prayer of thanks -
giving for the care and guidance given them that
day, President Brigham Young had advised his
followers to dance, sing and pray, and enjoy them-
selves together as they crossed the plains, He was
wise in wanting them to forget their cares and |
sorrows as they could, And though these Pioneers
rejoiced as. each new day brought them nearer to.
their journey's end, it is unlikely that many in

this company were ever very gay at any time,
since the hand of death traveled with them all.

the way.

Shortly after the middle of £ September winter
caught up with them as they reached the higher
elevations, A terrific wind and snowstorm came
down upon them and'covered everything. It was
difficult to find fuel for their fires or feed for
their oxen, some of which became badly frozen,

a few almost to the point of disability. Some
mornings it was only with much difficulty that the
teamsters succeeded in getting the hungry and half
frozen animals hitched up and on their way. Capt.
Lowry and his associates knew that many more
storms like this in the Rockies would prove
treacherous, if not disasterous to the weary
animals as well as the sick and elderly of the
company, if not to all. So the captain sent a tele-
gram to the authorities in Salt Lake City asking
that relief be sent them if possible,

The identity of. most of the emigrants of the
Abner Lowry company was lost in the dust of
covered wagons as they became just ''Mormon
Pioneers", Sometimes a name crops up here and
