301 Brown Kit

been drained off, the salt crystals were dried out,
ground and sold. It was quite possible that
Christen worked for his son-in-law, Lars Myrup,
selling the refined salt; for he kept up both farm-
ing and delivering salt as long as he was able, Be
that as it may, one's eyes grow moist thinking of
this once proud Danish gentleman whom some had
called 'the great man of the north'', who once
drove his own fine team and carriage as a well-
to-do farmer in Old Denmark, peddling salt in
Zion in an old one-horse cart.

A nice thing happened to this fine old man
about this time. The three Hansen orphans, whom
he had long sought to find, found him! In some
way they had learned that Christen was the one
who had paid their passage, and that of their dead
parents, to Zion more than twenty years before,
They located his whereabouts and came to pay him
back for this noble service. They were some of
the very few who ever reimbursed him for the
financial help he had given them in getting to
America, He never worried about this and often
stated that it was a blessing to use one's means
in such a worthy cause, But this money he did
receive came in handy in his old age. He desired
to show his appreciation, and since these people
had no records of their births in Denmark and
other genealogical data and had longed so much
to have this information, he sent back to the Old
Country and obtained many of these records for
them, for which they were most thankful.

There was so much contagion in the Valley
in those early years. Diphtheria had been ram-
pant in Gunnison in November of 1879, at which —
time six of the brethren had been appointed as a
board of health to guard against the dread disease,
Schools were closed for a time until it was con-.
sidered safe to recommence. Again in 1884 this
same disease had caused the people there ''to be
diligent in the practice of sanitary rules'', Meet-
ings then were not discontinued but it was ''con-
sidered wisdom to leave the children home." In
the fall of the year 1887 an epidemic of diphtheria
swept over the whole of Gunnison Valley. Many
people contracted this highly contagious disease,
