667 Elvena

His mother gave birth to her tenth child on March
12th of that year but the little. one died on the 14th
and the mother died on the 18th of the effects of
that childbirth. The next youngest child, age two,
passed away the end of that month, and as if this
weren't enough for the family to bear, the father
was rushed to Coalville with bloodpoisoning the
forepart of April and died there. There were less
than three weeks between the deaths of George's
parents, four of the family dying in less than a
month.

George was next to the oldest of the seven
remaining children, a third child of ten having
died in 1900. His daughter Vera writes: - ''There
were seven children left in the family and they
were soon scattered among the various relatives
or anyone that would take them, Dad had no school
after that and was shifted around among two or
three different uncles at one time or another, as
they were able to use him in farming or with the
sheep, He eventually ended up herding sheep for
the Bennion Livestock Company and it was through
the manager of that company, Chris "I'' Christen-
sen, that he met his future wife, Elvena."'

George was two months and ten days younger
than Elvena. Vera tells that during April and May
of each year her father used to tease her mother
about being the "oldest" in the family, saying he
was sure glad that he wasn't as old as she or that
he's surely hate to be the oldest, or some such.
But nearly thirty-four happily married years
came out of that marriage and eight lovely child-
ren, seven of whom grew to maturity, married and
had children of their own. They have a good sized
posterity today.

George was rather small of stature, slightly
shorter than Elvena. But he was tall in the things
that mattered most - honesty, industry, charity,
goodwill - there is not room here to name all of
his good qualities, He was a kind and loving
husband and a good father, He was not able to
provide his family with many luxuries but their
home was one of peace, understanding and love.
He had many talents even though he had had little
training and few opportunities. He loved music
