505 Andrew

Man healthy, wealthy and wise !'

"Father died alone in a modest hotel room in
St. George, Oddly enough, 'twas in the same locale
Whe re years prior he pioneered, organized and
©Stablished the school that became a very success-
ul church college, endearing himself to the rugged
and good People of that community. Traveling in
S€vere cold of that December, 1931, I arrived at
~': George about fifteen hours after father's pass-
wigs In the last moments of his life, despite com-
Plications of pneumonia and diabetes, still he
bothered to wind his inexpensive time piece. I
remember well, I cried as I held the watch, know-
‘ng that so long as it ticked, a last bit of father's
tremendous energy still remained. Whether he
really died of a broken heart or was mercifully
taken in illness, Ido not know. But.of one thing I
Certain, there still remained an unsubdued
“termination and dignity about him to the end.
Ur. was buried in the City Cemetery at Provo,
‘ah 20 Dec. 1931, )

; 'To do biographical justice to the life of our
ather, Andrew ''B" Christensen, would involve
1 £2Ormous amount of time. We have written
tid than a hundredth part. I feel keenly that the
‘Ory of his life must be recorded realistically,
a UP his defense. The most dominant ’
and COnsistent parts of the many phases of father's
“© Were his unusual drive and his fierce deter-
qnation, He mastered, absolutely, many most
ficult skills, As an example: - In the early
of uties I listened to the spell-binding Oe Ee ee
na William Jennings Bryan (no less) as he aie
in the front Steps of the old Jesse Knight 7. r
ha. OVO. Yet, by all methods of comparison,
thee heard my own father deliver some oo yt
at out-~classed Bryan's, Here's another example +
“ne, 1929, I returned from the sonar zee
‘S8ion, For thirty-one months my ears and ong
ata been accustomed to the sounds and passes”
one ofthe ‘Deutsche Sprache (German language).
' the Same time, I knew father's = Taki de
ang man had been about nil for more than a Gated
ne T could hardly wait to test his supposed aca
"wledge of the language. When the Oppo rtunity
