713 Virginia
On the other hand my physical health has

been rather poor for the past dozen years as I
suffer from rhumatoid arthritis. Severe surgery
for cancer eight years ago brought me to the
realization that I might not have too many more
years to live; that I still had important work to do
and should be getting at it in dead earnest! But
just what was the most important work for me to
engage in during my "bonus" years? Genealogy
was my first answer. Then recalling a blessing
I had been given a few weeks after my marriage
by my husband's father, who was then Patriarch
of Provo Stake, I began to puzzle over these state-
ments init: 'You have many gifts of the spirit and
natural endowments.... You have the gift and power
of language - the ability to express your thoughts
by word of mouth and by writing. Cultivate this
gift and God will bless you, for your words will
fly as on the wings of morning to the delight and
benefit of many people; thus returning to you after
many days like bread cast upon the waters,'"'

I had never thought of myself as being much
of a writer since my freshman English class in
composition at B, Y. U., where Elaine got straight
A's and I was lucky to come off with C's; the only
C's Lever received in college as I recall, I had
always considered Mother, Elaine and Sherman
as the writers of our particular Christensen
family - and still do. Yet here in this blessing
was an indication that I could write and should
improve the talent, Why not combine genealogy
and writing?

In 1962 I published a history and genealogy
of some of my mother's people, the Van Burens.
I did it as a missionary project to try and have a
hand in turning the hearts of my dear relatives
towards their fathers. It was not planned to be a
financial success - and was not, But, like bread
cast upon the waters, much joy and satisfaction
has come to me through this endeavor - and the
end is not yet in sight. I had long had a desire
to write my Grandmother Christensen's history
so Iturned to that. My Christensen book will be
the result, Already the happiness I have gained
through the interest, kindnesses and willing
