Way of War 32

Napoleon's Empire and his starting to do just about
as he pleased with all of Europe. Then Denmark
and Norway, with the second largest fleet in the
world, decided to join with England, in spite of

her earlier attacks on the Danes; since to go
against this world's greatest maritime power
would be catastrophic for them.

Denmark enjoyed six more peaceful years,
with trade as usual, but apparently forgot to con-
vince England that she was on her side, because
on the last of August 1807 Crown Prince Frederick
was visited by an English envoy who demanded that
Denmark enter into an alliance with his country and
hand her over the entire Dano-Norwegian navy in
pawn for the duration of the "present situation."
Now Frederick was down on Jutland's Neck with
most of his army, preparing for battle with
Napoleon's forces who were marching towards
the Danish border. He couldn't believe the English
were serious (after all, they were now friends!)

He said he would "think it over", then hurried to
Copenhagen to see what was going on, and arrived
just as a huge English fleet with 30,000 men, was
casting anchor in the Sound. He made meager pre-
parations for an attack there, still doubting it would
come, and rushed back to Jutland to await Napoleon.
The English delivered a final notice and then, as
the Danes were silent, prepared to bomb Copen-
hagen from all sides, Indignant, to say the least,
its citizens got ready for battle, as they had 150
years ago with the Swedish. There were some

100, 000 inhabitants crowded behind the old ram-
parts of the city but only 12,000 men able to fight.
For three days the bombs reigned down upon them--
they hadn't a chance and had to give in. This time
the fleet was to be war booty, not a pawn. Two
days after, flames were still crackling in the
houses and smoke still pouring through the streets,
while approximately 2,000 corpses still laid
unburied and more than 1, 000 people lay wounded,
wherever space could be found, The English

seized the royal dockyard and all the storehouses
and occupied the harbor, All ships were made
ready for sea; those they could not take were
hacked to pieces. Every single thing was stuffed
on board, even to the last chart and telescope;
