Virgil Bartholomew 826

and Ruth Ellen had long since left the home and
Myron married within the year, leaving him as
"man of the house'', He and his mother and two
younger brothers, Marvin and Don, tried to make
eut on Rocky Point for awhile after that, but the
fall of 1928 they left and moved to Fayette, some
six miles north, to live with his mother's brother,
Uncle Henry Bartholomew, whose wife had recently
passed away leaving him with some young children,
The arrangement turned out fine for both families.
Virgil enjoyed living in Fayette, going with the
young folks, attending church, parties and dances,

On 12 Nov. 1930 in the county seat at Manti,
Sanpete, Utah, he married Elda Jane Hill (b. 27
Aug. 1907 in Fayette to Richard Return and Sarah
Jane Bown Hill). They made Fayette their home
and here they still reside. Elda takes up the
story again:- "Virgil is truck driver by trade - he
has been buying trucks all his married life. He
has hauled cattle, coal, furniture, taken Boy
Scouts and other groups ontrips, anything to
make ends meet. He has also done road construc-
tion work in various places. More recently he has
been working for W. W. Gardener in Salt Lake,
hauling black top and gravel in the summer and
sand and rock in winter. This will be his twelfth
year with Gardener.

"Virgil is 6 ft. 2 inches tall and weighs 260
lbs. He has blue eyes, not very dark hair - now
showing grey - and usually a good natured disposi-
tion, He has been and is a fine father and provider.
Being very fussy and particular when he does a job,
you will know if he builds something it will be
straight. He built most of the home we live in and
the racks and beds for his trucks, though his
present truck has a steel bed.

‘"He is honest, and willing to help people out
whenever he can; for example, a couple came to
our door late one night who were having car trouble,
They were from Salt Lake and headed for Phoenix,
Arizona, Virgil phoned around to try and find
someone to come and fix their car but the garages
were all closed and he could find no help. So he
told the strangers that they could take his car to
Gunnison and:get a motel, there being no such _
