783 Sheldon Bartholomew

service, We moved into a brick house nearer
town in time for school,!"'

Hinckley, Utah - this became the abode of
the Christensen family for the next year. Wendell
tells of the long, hard trip Sheldon and he made in
hauling the family effects by team and wagon to
their new home, which Edythe describes as
follows: '!'A two story white brick structure be-
came our home in Hinckley. It was on the out-
skirts of town, the usual mile or so from school,
and stood ona small farm, the outlook of which
was rather bleak since the land was ofa dry alka-
line quality. Sugar beets grew in spotted acres
but alfalfa and especially its seed proved to be the
main crop of income, The older boys, Wendell
and Sheldon, were teenagers and, under the super-
vision of mother, trying to farm the unfruitful acres
mostly alone and craving a bit of fun on their own,
I'm sure,"!

The younger brother Luther was not aware
that life was anything but fun at Hinckley for there
were animals there, He tells one incident; ''It
was customary to turn hay over when it got wet
and my brother Sheldon was sent to do this. The
hay was full of little field mice and sometimes we
would find a rabbit. Sheldon took a gun for this
_ purpose, One day I went along and as Sheldon
turned the hay he saw a rabbit. Quickly he grabbed
the shotgun and put a shell in - but the rabbit got
away. I had been snapping the empty gun at the
mice previously and as Sheldon put the gun down
I picked it up to continue my game and almost got
his toe with the shell,'"'

Sheldon makes this comment: "I cannot
share anyone's view that there was bleakness at
Hinckley, LaVerkin, or any other place we lived.
To me they were all wonderful areas, Each had
its own peculiar charm. Really, the only bleak-
nesses I have experienced in life have been my
own delinquencies and vagrancies. True, I didn't
invent stupidity but often 1 have brought it into
exquisite focus."!

Star Ranch, north of Nephi, Utah provided a
home for Sheldon's family for the next several
