Everett Hale 814

ordeal. . . That boy has shown himself worthy to

a glorious place on the other side. , . He will be
another there whose spirit will plan and pray for
our welfare and will be happy to greet us when our
work here is done. May it be as fearlessly and
nobly done as his, I am sure Hale's wonderful
life, though short, will be an aid and inSpiration to
us all and another star of hope to guide us over any
perilous places we may encounter along life's

highway. He will always occupy an honored place
in our family group."

Funeral services were held for Hale on his
twenty-second birthday, Tue. 12 Mar, 1929,

beginning at high noon, A local ne€wSpaper carried
this account:- "Orem Youth is Burie
funeral services for Hale

y afternoon.
Bishop James H.,

Clark presided,
Olsen and Mrs.

Miss Thera Lou
S. D. Wilstead rendered the vocal
duet 'Prayer Perfect! and the invocation was

offered by M. A. Rowley. Miss Olsen Sang 'When

Roses Bloom'. The Speakers were J, B. Keeler,
Hyrum S, Harri

s and Arthur vy, Watkins. Miss
Inez Holdaway and Miss Virginia Taylor furnished
the vocal duet 'One Fleeting Hour' and the Solo, ‘In
My father's House are Many Mansions' was

rendered by Miss Myrle Perkins, As a closing
number a quartet consiSting of Ivan Pyne, John
Shepherd, Mrs, Daphne Loveless, and Mrs, Lucy
Poulson sang 'Rest for the Weary Soul', James C.
Jensen pronounced the benediction, The services
were well attended and the flo ral tributes were

many and beautiful. The body was taken to Manti
where short services were held and interment made. '

A number of friends and many of our Snow
relatives accompanied our family from Orem to the
Manti Cemetery, as well as Uncle Charles Peterson
and Byron. We arrived there about 5:15 p.m, and
although it was cold a good sized crowd was waiting
at the graveside. We put our precious Hale away
beside our dear mother in a wilderness of flowers.
A chorus sang ''Sometime We']] Understand.'' Our
old neighbor, Brother Carpenter, made a few
remarks, Mr. & Mrs. Ellis Johnson Sang
