669 Ada
(10) FOSTER CHILDREN

(a) Ada Lorena Madsen, daughter of Victor
August Hastrup Madsen, adopted son of Bishop
Christian August Madsen of Gunnison and his wife
Sarah Olesen, was born in Gunnison, Sanpete,
Utah 14 Mar. 1888. Ada was the fifth child and
fourth daughter born to this couple, Else K,
Christensen was the midwife who assisted with her
birth and also cared for her and her mother during
the time of the mother's illness which followed.
Ada was born with a malfunctioning heart and was
very frail herself, needing special care,

Knowing that she could not live long, twenty-
seven year old Sarah Madsen exacted a promise
from Else K. Christensen that she would take her
baby daughter after she passed away and raise her
as her own. Else promised, Sarah Madsen died
25 May 1888 and was buried in the Gunnison ceme-
tery a few days later beside a baby daughter,
Almira, who had passed away some six years
before at two years of age.

Sarah Madsen died on Friday and her baby
daughter hadn't been given a name yet. But she
was blessed and given the name Ada Lorena Madsen
the day after her mother's death, Sat. 26 May 1888,
in the home and Else K, Christensen took the little
two month twelve day old invalid to her home to
raise as her own, as promised. Though the father,
Victor A. Madsen, would not consent to Laurs and
Else adopting his daughter, she having been sealed
to him and his wife in the Covenant, yet he consented
to them calling her by the surname of Christensen
as long as she was with them and gave them a signed
statement to that effect,

Much of the rest of Ada's story has been told
in earlier pages of this book - the love she was
given and the sunshine she brought into the Chris-
tensen home - her trip to Denmark at two-and-a-
half years of age with her foster mother - her
untimely death within two months and a few days
of her ninth birthday, 3 Jan. 1897. She was bap-
tized a member of the LDS Church 21 July 1896.

A little more than ten years following her death,
