Bested 104

his blessings; to work out our own salvations and
earn our own places in his: kingdom?'' She was
sobbing then, but with the rest there was silence,
and each one looked at her in some strange way.
Presently Far shook his head; "It is the bitterness
of this war and the future of our kingdom that
worries us all and makes us think strange thoughts,
Our Else has been working too hard, but now that
Mads has come it will be eased for her.'' And

that was the end of that.

Christen didn't come then; perhaps he was a
prisoner, since there had been no word of him
among the thousands dead and wounded. It was.
the prisoners who would come last. Word had it
that the tradesman's son had returned home and
nothing would do but that Mette should send Mads
over there right away to invite him and his family
to a celebration for the return of their sons. Else
seemed to forget all her worries about Christen in
the possibilities of it. It is probable that the
invited family came, but that their son came and
came again and again was surely so; for Rudolph,
the tradesman's son, had set his heart and mind
on Else Andersen when first he saw her. (We
shall call him Rudolph, for lack of a better name
having been told us. )

Those were happy days for Else then, in
spite of the battling of her thoughts. It was more
often Rudolph now who sat with her on the bench
by the cottage door, listening to the nightingales
cry, or walked hand in hand with her in the fragrant
autumn evenings, as they talked and came to know
each other better. He listened attentively to her
when she spoke of her new-found wisdom, which
was more than her family seemed to do, to any
good purpose. But she dared not tell him yet
half of what she was thinking. He agreed with her
on many subjects, but on religious matters he was
most often silent, although once he said, following
some comment of hers, "Strange as it may seem,
here on the earth there are numbers of religious
groups with different philosophies, many of which
think that they alone are God's true disciples. But
the center of them all is Jesus Christ our Lord
and Savior, and he, with his Almighty grace, will
