479 Christian

city among strangers. But since all the members
were very active in the Church at the time, all
except father, it didn't take long before we had
made many new friends in the Forest Dale Ward
into which we had moved, Mother took part in
Relief Society and other church functions, When-
ever father was at home he always attended meet-
ings with us, though he was never home long
enough to fill a position of responsibility. He
held the priesthood and was always a faithful
supporter of the L. D. S. Church, in spite of the
fact that his business and interests required that
he spend most of his time, especially his winters
and springs, away from the centers of civilization
and his family.

"He had replaced his buckboard with a Ford
pickup truck, which made things easier for him
and traveling faster. He traveled so many times
in the night to be able to keep his appointments.
When he could he took the train to Wyoming and
often stayed overnight at the hotel in Carter, try-
ing to get himself cleaned up a little from the grime
oftravel, or, as he said, 'taking a bath in a tea
cup.' He spent many days and nights in the terrible
cold of Wyoming's winters. The Carter range was
below zero most of the time then,."'

But summers were different as far as being
with his family was concerned. Pearl writes of
this:-- 'For many years, after we moved to Salt
Lake, our family spent most of the summers on
the ranch owned by the Bennion Livestock Company,
called 'The Weber'. We would move there as soon
as school was out in the spring and stay until late
fall, except for a trip or two back to Salt Lake to
check on the family home and get supplies for our-
selves and the hired men, as well as grain for the
horses. One of the highlights of these trips back
and forth, especially for father, was to stop at the
creamery located in the little town of Oakland.
Father was extremely fond of buttermilk and was
always sure of getting all he could drink of that
refreshing beverage whenever he stopped there.
it has been stated that his capacity for buttermilk
was remarkable.

"On the ranch in summers there was always
