Emma 600

buggy days, when we children were older, we often
took her to her meetings in the car and waited to
drive her home, She never did learn to drive the
car, I can also remember how often we had Sunday
guests and Conference visitors, My, the crowds
were always with us. Wish I knew how to handle
guests with the grace and efficiency mother did,
Those were great years! Now we seem to have so
many more conveniences but our lives aren't as
abundant. Mother had few of the things we think

of as necessities and take for granted now, but her
life was rich and abundant in the joy of service,
love and friendship - in the real values of life."

Byron and Mildred continue: ''On her fiftieth
birthday, 8 July 1927, electricity was turned on in
Emma's home for the first time. Before that they
had used candles, kerosene or oil lamps for light-
ing. Emma was only privileged to enjoy this
luxury for the short period of about two months,
During her later years the city water was piped to
her kitchen from town, a mile away, and she had
runhing water in the house for the first time.

‘In August of 1927 their daughter Ada and
Mr. Lindon Johnson, who were then keeping com-
pany, suggested that Emma and Charles share a
ten-day vacation trip with them to the colorful
canyons of southern Utah. They had a wonderful
trip together, But on their return, Emma didn't
feel so well and she grew rapidly worse, In spite
of all the special nursing and loving care that was
showered upon her, it became evident that she
could not survive this last diabetic illness, She
passed away at her home on the ranch east of Gunni-
son, 4 Sept, 1927.'' It was autumn, her favorite
season of the year, She was buried 7 Sept. 1927
in the Gunnison cemetery following a well attended,
beautiful funeral service worthy of such a lovely
lady.

Ada, gentle and sympathetic in nature like
Emma, was at her mother's bedside almost con-
stantly during this serious and final illness. She
pled with her not to leave them, Ada has operated
rest homes for elderly ladies for many years now,
and in speaking of this she says she never helps an
old lady to her rest at nights without thinking of her
