Virginia 704

sent Elaine and me to attend B. Y. High at Provo.
He found a nice elderly couple there, the Oscar
Hydes, with whom we could room and board, and
instructed them to treat us like their own daughters,
This they faithfully tried to do and threw in plenty
of advice in the bargain. But when they started
calling us and our dates in for family prayers at
nine o'clock in the evenings, indicating that it was
time for us to retire, it was a little hard to take.

Father's last words as he left us that autumn
at the Hyde's in Provo had been, "Virginia, you are
the oldest and I shall hold you responsible not only
for your own conduct but for Elaine's as well.'' Now
at that time I was a worrier and dear fun-loving
sister Elaine took advantage of her new found free-
dom, which managed to keep me pretty worried.
She had a gay time trying her wings while I hardly
dared venture beyond Hydes and school, She be-
came well acquainted with most everyone while I
walked my prim little way.

This was the winter of the great influenza
epidemic in Utah (1917/18) and Provo was not
spared, Prof, Clair Reid, our music teacher,
had Elaine and me join with six others of his vocal
students to form a double mixed quartet and sing
at funeral after funeral in the Provo cemetery, no
inside services being allowed then, We stood on
planks thrown over the muddy, snowy ground and
blended our voices in the hymns while Prof. Reid
pumped away at an old organ, which stood ina
small truck beside us, and played our accompani-
ment. One short funeral service followed another
and we moved around from place to place as coffin
after coffin was lowered into the frozen earth and
sobbing mourners stood around. So many died that
winter. Day after day we sang and shivered and
were awed by the sadness of it all. Neither Elaine
nor I took the flu that year, although others of our
roommates at Hydes came down with it.

The following winter when we returned to
Provo to school, some of Elaine's many friends
said, ''We see you have brought your younger
sister with you this year.'' Indeed! Though I was
smaller of course I was older and more advanced
in school and had also been there the year before.
