Andrew 506

came, I proudly initiated the conversation. - oi
came back articulate, with grammatically pert
German and, mind you, completely without an
English accent. I could hardly believe my ears: aii
Then, as his keen memory began to recall pages
axioms and adages, which he quoted verbatim ze
amazing ease and versatility, I found it much m =
comfortable to change the whole subject. No que
tion about it, this man was a master.

"But great minds have master passions and
there's no denying that many strong men, in
adversity or under mental stress, have turned ting
Some perverted sort of habit or activity, dissip?
their time, talent and Strength. Father was test
with many circumstances and in a wide variety °
circles, but he was never enticed, But then agai™
father was a man of great vision, Through the of
annals of time many visionary men with the alae A
intentions have been careless and even reckles§?
fiscal matters, Of this, father was a classic

example, During the period of his life when his
dreams we

re mostly unfulfilled, he borrowed t
heavily from Many sources, Unfortunately, mos
of his debts were never repaid. At the same ee
he was most prudent in Spending for himself oF he
Person, What he borrowed went into projects a d
for travel. In his immense undertakings he probes
considerable chemical, metalurgical and scientif
fields, gathered endless Samples, set out to d1§~
cover mining deposits throughout the entire west

and procured numerous Options and leases. Had
he succeeded in

his projects he would have bee?
a hero and, believe me, anyone who had helped
him would have been rewarded handsomely.
"Father wanted to help rather than hurt 5
anyone. Always the ultimate betterment of othe*
was uppermost in his mind, I think he resente
Secretly, as do others, many of the financial
limitations in our economic System which are
imposed upon so many. But for him resentment
wasn't enough; he took off in dead earnest to 4°
Something about it, not by way of exploiting the
rich or by the politi

: ts
cal route of higher tax impo*®
but through arduous an

d unrelenting struggle t©
Organize and develop dormant resources aroun
