Ella May 876

"My first full time job ($40.00 a month) was
with Utah-California Motor Lines in Salt Lake,
where I met my future husband, Harold Dorcheus
Krantz (b. 1 Feb. 1910 in Culdesac, Idaho (near
Ashton) to William Charles and Ellen Louise
Dorcheus Krantz), I called him 'Pat' and he was
tall, dark and handsome, At the time I lived with
Aunt Sarah Christensen, my father's sister, and
she was like a second mother to me, During this
time Cousin Lucile and I became good pals. We
gave each other nicknames, I called her 'Sally' -
she called me 'Jerry'. Hers didn't stick but I've
been Jerry ever since,

"T worked for two years, then Pat and I were
married at my parents' home in Payson, by Bishop
Cheever, 16 Dec, 1933. We lived in Salt Lake for
our first two years, during which time our first son,
Bill, was born, Looking at him for the first time
I felt that we had performed a miracle. He was an
exceptionally good baby and I spent most of my
time playing with him, since Pat was driving inter-
state so wasn't home very much, I wrote him a
letter each time he left home so he would get it
when he arrived at his destination,

"Phen we moved to Maywood, California,
where Pat started working for an oil company,
Our son Mike was born in Bell, California. We
enjoyed our nine years in California and saw many
interesting places, It was like a dream seeing the
ocean for the first time; the boys loved to play on
the beach. While we were there, Edith, Heber
and family moved down to California, and also
Cliff and Rhea.

"To me, owning a home has always meant
security so I started working at Consolidated Steel
in Maywood to help get a down payment for one.

We bought a home in Whittier, Calif., in an orange
grove, I shall never forget the smell of orange
blossoms and night-blooming jasmine, nor the
plaintive song of the nightingale. Then came the
shock of Pearl Harbor and the blackouts. It was
especially tense on the coast. Consolidated Steel
built tank lighters, anti-aircraft guns and Liberty
ships, (We saw one of these launched). We decided
to sell our home and move back to Utah or Idaho.
