Virginia 708

Utah, living first in Price where he sold cars for
his brother-in-law's agency; then in Helper where
he operated a service station, and finally to the
mining camp of Latuda where he eventually went
into the coal mine there. It was by then the time
of the great depression and jobs were scarce. Our
second child, Jennie, was born in my folks! lovely
home in Manti just a short time before they turned
it over to their creditors and moved to Provo and
later Orem. Our third child, Colleen, was born
in Helper. Our fourth child, Ellen, was born at
my folks' home in Orem, and our fifth child,
Phillip, was born in Standardville, Utah, our first
hospital-born baby.

Church activity and service were important
to us, Itaught in the Primary in Price. In Helper
Iwas a Relief Society visiting teacher for the first
and only time and then was called to be president
of the Primary. One of the interesting experiences
during this service was the Primary operetta ''Rose
‘Dream'' we put on in a local theatre in connection
with the picture show, I directed and staged this
production, my first counselor took charge of cos-
tumes and scenery, and my second counselor
accompanied on the piano. The operetta was given
to a packed house just ten days before our daughter
Colleen was born,

In Latuda we attended Standardville Branch
a mile or so away - walking to and fro most of the
time. In Relief Society I served in almost every
capacity except that of president, also directing a
number of special activities, including a 'kitchen-
ette band'' to raise money for our Relief Society
library project. I put on one-act plays. I taught
a class in Sunday School. My most satisfying
church service there, however, was being presi-
dent of the Y. L. M. I. A. for more than three
years, Ialso directed the music and drama most
of the time, since we seldom could find anyone else
who would do it in that very small branch. During
this time the ladies' chorus which I organized and
directed won the Stake contest, the District,.and
was chosen to go to Salt Lake City to participate
in the All Church Chorus in the Tabernacle for
M. I. A. June conference, where it sang under
