Elvena 666

irrigation streams from nearby creeks, Oxen

and mules were used for plowing. In addition to
farming, some worked small coal mines, some
hauled logs to Park City, Salt Lake City and
Evanston, Wyoming. Much of this land is still in
the families of those Upton pioneers - Boyers,
Clarks, Saxtons, Meadows, Stayleys, Powells.
Most of them were converts to the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and some, includ-
ing the Clarks, were from England. They recorded
baptisms in Chalk Creek through holes chopped in
the ice in winter months, They built a church, a
school and a fine amusement hall,

These Upton pioneers not only built their own
houses but they built their own furniture as well.
They whitewashed the walls of their log cabins with
lime and added board floors that were scrupulously
cleaned with homemade lye soap. They made their
own shoes and much of their clothing. They raised
gardens, raspberries and rhubarb. They trapped
beaver from nearby streams and lakes and they
even took time out to fight Indians, if that happened
to be necessary, They held community dances and

other celebrations and had their fun on homemade
sleds in winters,

There were lots of Clarks in Upton and all of
them were related to George, His grandmother
Clark came from England to Upton, His grand-
er Clark came and settled in
Upton. His father and mother were married in
Upton, Some of them had come there as early as
1869. His grandfather's brother, Frank Clark who
was an artist, painted murals on all four walls of
the large Upton recreation hall which people from
all around came there to See, Yes, George had
lots of relatives who had settled in Upton; for
besides his grandparents there were aunts and

uncles, great aunts and great uncles and cousins
by the dozens,

George's father and mother lived in Upton
for some years and then moved into Wyoming for
another few years but returned again to live in
Upton, It was here that the majority of their ten
children were born, Tragedy struck the family in
1904 however, when George was nearing seventeen:
