Bested 126

a lot and seemed to think she was something to be
viewed with wide eyes now, "Are you really truly
a Mormon?" This question her thirteen year old
sister had asked many times over in those seven
days; for now a week had passed since Else came
home.

Else had prayed constantly and fervently in
her heart that the letter would come from Bested
soon, bringing her relief from the fix she was in.
She could not bear to stay on and grieve her parents.
longer, nor could she go without a place to go. Day
after day she had watched for the mailcoach in vain,
None had come to the cottage, whether on errands
or to call or visit, although word must have gotten
around that she was home. Even Christen hadn't
come, and for this she thanked heaven, It couldn't
all be blamed on the weather. Else couldn't help
but suspect somehow, in the face of it all, that
besides Christen, the neighbors, her kindsfolk,
and even her dearest friends and girlhood com-
panions, were speaking evil of her now, It was
strange too, but she imagined that the likenesses
of her very ancestors, in their old frames on the
walls, were looking down on her sternly. In other
days, long gone by, she was sure they had smiled
when she chanced to look up at them. Yes, Else

was in a fix all right and only heaven knew the end
of it.

But on the eighth day the horn of the mail-
coach came blowing at the cottage door, Marie
ran out quickly and came back bearing a letter
for Else, It was from Elder Hansen in Bested
and held wonderful news. The well-to-do farmer
in Kobberod, Christen Christensen by name (the
same as their half brother's) had sent the price of
her coach fare, plus a request that the young lady
come at the earliest moment, since they were in
much need of her there, Then it must needs be
that Else should ascertain the leaving time of the
very next stagecoach and make arrangements to
travel south on it, as well as go to the police in
Norhaa for the signing of her little book, Mads
accompanied her, lest she come to some harm
in the town through which she must walk, After
that came the packing, she could manage nothing
