587 Elsie

Christen Christensen. Genealogy was a subject
the church had begun stressing more and more
during her later years, and being always anxious
to follow the counsels of the church to the best of
her ability, she worked at genealogy during the
rest of her fruitful years. No one could doubt the
love and devotion that Elsie had for the Gospel and
the church throughout all the days of her life.

Iwas fortunate enough to be invited by Edith
to Aunt Elsie's eighty-eighth birthday dinner. She
had been ill but was feeling much better. A. Owen
and Pate were there and Edith's daughter Helen
and her young daughter Helen, as well as Edith
and myself, When I first came into Edith's home,
I stooped to kiss Aunt Elsie and said to her, ''Do
you know who Iam?" 'Why of course', she said,
"Virginia, I shall always know you. Welook so |
much alike, don't you think?!

Finally it became necessary for Elsie to
have more care than Edith was free to give her,
so she was placed for a short time in the Eldred
Hospital in south Provo, where her children could
visit her often. Edith went by plane to Hawaii to
meet her son Boyd, who was enroute from a two
and a half year mission in Taiwan China. The two
had gotten as far as LaPreal's home in California
when word reached them of Elsie's death, 28 June
1964. The death was very sudden and unexpected,
Edgar had visited their mother the night before at
Eldreds and found her in good spirits and in
seemingly good health.

Elsie was eighty-nine years three months and
twenty-one days old when she passed away, the last
of all the Christensens to depart, except two sisters-
in-law - Andrew's wife Sarah, who lived to be
eighty-nine years seven months and fifteen days
and died 23 April 1966 just less than two years
after, and Albert's second wife Myrtle, who is
still living at this writing,

A fine funeral was held in Payson on July lI,
1964, Burial was in the Payson Cemetery and
Elsie was placed there beside Alma. Her six
surviving children were in attendance, Among
others, cousins Pearl and LaFaun and I met with
