49 Other Dimensions

potatoes and stones. Still farther on, men and
women, who had posted themselves along the
hedges and in trenches, came out to take an
active part in the unequal battle between the
Saints and sinners. Some of the assailants were
armed with heavy sticks and clubs, amd stones and
dirt flew thick and fast. Some of the women car-
ried missiles in their aprons with which to supply
their male companions, while they, in a blas-
phemous manner, cried out, 'Now call on your
God to defend you!' Some of the brethren were
knocked down and rolled in the muddy road and
beaten with sticks and fists; their coats were

torn to pieces in several instances and even one
of the Sisters was abused and handled very roughly.
For more than half a mile the mob pursued the
Saints in this manner, and when they at last came
to a farm house by the roadside and sought shelter
within, they were not safe there either and fled
across the fields in the darkness, still pursued by
their ''Christian" friends, until they reached
another farmhouse where they also sought shelter.
But its occupants refused; however, a friendly-
disposed girl kindly showed them a way out through
the garden into the fields, and they finally escaped
from their pursuers,"' One of the sufferers said
of this occasion, --''For three quarters of an hour
we were seemingly in the hands of the devil, but
while God permitted him to have power over our
flesh, our spirits rejoiced, for we knew we
suffered for the cause of truth. One cannot des-
cribe the suffering we passed through, but for a
short time it certainly looked as if none of us
would escape with our lives.'' The missionaries
and Saints in Denmark never fought back to save
their lives, but were advised to follow the admoni-
tions of the Savior, who said, --''When they perse-
cute you in one City, flee to another",

As the membership of the new church grew,
so did the persecutions--everywhere in Denmark.
The Elders appealed to the Mayors of the cities
and to the police, but received little satisfaction.
The ruling authorities, though claiming to be in
favor of religious freedom as a principle, could
not agree as far as the Mormons were concerned;
and though the new Danish Constitution guaranteed.
