167 Aalborg

them to spend the night there with his people, it
being midway between Aalborg and Kobberod.
Afterwards they all sat together on a green bank
overlooking blue Thisted Bay in the Limfjord and
ate a lunch, watching the ships come and go in the
harbor there, There were birds flying in all
.directions; none of them had ever seen so many
flying birds all at once before. Perhaps they.
hadn't remembered’that they were approaching
the area of Vejlerne, a fjord bay partly filled up
by sand, one of Europe's major breeding places
for wild birds, It was the mating §eason'for
birds now too!

The area around Thisted City was more
hilly, as it was farther north, and they soon
moved into more trees as they left there for
Myrupgaard, It was fun discovering northernmost
Jutland, for one never knew, what lay hidden behind
the next bend in the road or beyond the nearest
crest of hills. There was a striking and charm-
ing contrast between the gentle estuaries of its
east coast and the rougher scenery of its west
coast, where the Christensens had come from.
Towns and villages were spread in pockets, large
and small, some tucked away in valleys, others,
with twisted narrow streets, obstinately’ climbing
hillsides. In between the extremes of.east and
west coasts were stretches of meadowland and
winding streams. Green routes crossed lush
undulating hills, which could give way unexpectedly
to flat, brown moorland with distant. views of then,
again, to a chain of lakes. Not far to the east of
the route the Christensens were taking to Myrup-
gaard was Vikingegrave, @ historic graveyard
from the Viking period of a thousand years before.
Yes, in Denmark's Thy, past, present and future
went hand in hand. This was the area that had
been their home and that they would soon be’
leaving, perhaps forever.

They spent the night at Myrupgaard with
Elder Myrup's people, where Lars himself had
greeted them with joy and thanksgiving. he,
following morning early the group took off to-
wards Aalborg, the two happy couples, anticipating
their marriages within a few days, riding in the
