419 Prophecies Fulfilled

on the bargain. Sister Bartholomew had sold her
contract to the Lowrys and Laurs and Else in turn
had got it from them. A warranty deed and abstract
to this property were made out to Laurs, 17 Apr. —
1922, indicating that by that time the place had

been fully paid for and terms of the contract met.
The price they had paid for it was $850 plus interest,
and another $100 to Sister Bartholomew for her
equity.

The house itself was along, rather narrow
two-story affair of adobe that opened almost
directly onto the front sidewalk on the south. It
must have previously been a little shop or store
of some kind with living quarters built on behind
and was first owned and built by a DeMill family.
As I recall, there were two rooms in front, a bed-
room, and a front room from which one descended
down several steps to a large living or ''sitting __
room" and kitchen area with a pantry. From here
there was a back stairs leading up to a couple of
spare bedrooms and an outside door to the west
leading to a small porch. There was a cemented.
cellar underneath but no inside bathroom, There
was little room for animals on the narrow lot,
except for a few chickens and perhaps a "'runty
pig''oralambortwo. There was a small rasp-
berry patch and room for enough garden for the
two of them, and they had enough primary water |
right in Manti City Creek to keep it watered.

This small place was about all Laurs and ©
Else could take care of at their ages, since they .
were then both pressing seventy. Although they
were two-and-a-half blocks farther away from ~
the temple than before, yet they were nearer the
Post Office and center of town and some nearer
their son Albert's, All in all this must-have
proved to be a comfortable arrangement for them,
The temple hack still continued to drive around
regularly to take them to their chosen work in
the Manti Temple, since they were very busy
there; for in 1915 Else had commenced the great
redemption work for her noble Hvid progenitors,
which line she had obtained back almost nine cen-
turies, through her professional Danish researcher, ©
to one Skjalm Hvide who had been born about 1052
