663 Elvena

writing a journal while she was at our home. One
of the most outstanding things about Aunt Vena was
her chameleon ability to be any given age at any
required time. Although in years she numbered
almost thirty against my fourteen, we shared
secrets, activities and like heart pangs. Besides
providing me and my friends with home made
bread, thick cream and sugar for an after school
snack, she also provided a sounding board and a
sympathetic understanding of my restless teen-
age fancies,

"As I look back through the eyes of exper-
ience, I can now know how tired she must have
been from all of our varied demands, how lonely
for love and attention from friends her own age,
and yet how patient, understanding and available
she was for our diversified family needs, I know
that she showed a great compassion for all of us
and that she was especially close to little Phillip
as she must have also been to mother. That
mother had adored her for her sweetness, gentle-
ness and selflessness I have no doubt, She had
admired the glint of Aunt Vena's spun gold hair;
and in hopes that Virginia and I might possess a
like adornment, she had us brush our locks one
hundred strokes a day in the sunshine.. Mother
had believed in the philosophy of the Great Stone
Face and had us try to emulate the benign and
guileless expression Aunt Vena had.

"Aunt Vena, bowing before the perplexity
of problems attendant to caring for five mother-
less children, often dreamed of mother, for she
told us so. She saw her in teaching situations of
all kinds, and yet she seemed always to nod
encouragement and approval at Aunt Vena who
stood humbly on this side of the veil, seeking
help. She did so want to please 'Jennie', Aunt
Vena slept inthe Blue Room with four year old
Phillip, who clung to her as a substitute for his»
mother. One morning just at dawn she awoke to
see little Phil smiling and nodding at someone who
seemed to be leaving the room, Upon asking Phil
who the visitor was he replied, ‘I've been talking
to my mama,.' That Aunt Vena herself at times
lived close to the angels, I have never doubted,
