Phillip Van Buren 870

for beginners in the Utah State Fair in 1966;

placed second for Junior High age in the Baldwin
piano contest in 1966; won first place in the Baldwin
contest in 1968 in her age division and is now work-
ing on her own recital to be presented at BYU this
May of 1969. Mary Kathryn joins her sister Betty
in her love of horses, has her own horse and is
taking riding lessons, She also does wonderfully
well making things with her hands and is a great
reader. I wouldn't be surprised to see her excel

in literature somehow. She might even become a
writer,

"During the later years of my life, particu-
larly since our return to the Provo area, the
church has come to mean a great deal in my life.
Gwen and I went to the Salt Lake Temple and were
sealed for eternity, 20 May 1948, also having our
first two children sealed to us at that time. The
other two were born in the covenant. While we
lived in the River Grove Ward in Provo's West
Utah Stake, Iwas a member of the High Council
and served as Building Fund Chairman for the
building of the new Rivergrove Ward chapel. Upon
moving to Orem in 1952 I was sustained as Second
Counselor to Bishop Laurence W, Palmer of the
Orem Eleventh Ward and served for two years,

In 1957 I was made Bishop of the Orem Nineteenth
Ward and served in that capacity until our family
moved back to Provo in 1962, For over three years
now I have served as a member of the East Sharon
Stake High Council under President Ben E, Lewis.
Each day 1 live Iam more convinced that the only
way true happiness and joy can come is through
association in the church, through attempting to
live its principles, and mostly from gaining a true
testimony of the divinity of Christ and of his mess-
age to the world.

"Gwen has always had a staunch testimony of
the gospel and worked in the church organizations,
During our stay in the Provo Rivergrove Ward she
was Ward Relief Society President, being sustained
as such at age thirty. Shortly after we moved to
Orem in 1952 she was sustained as Sharon Stake
Relief Society President, She has taught many
classes in both Relief Society and Sunday School
