453 Time's Hourglass

there was much of that. Albert's family also
would be in Manti to welcome her. And when she
neared the end of her journey and looked out of the
window of the Rio Grande train on which she
traveled, and saw the majestic Manti Temple on
the hill overlooking snow covered Sanpete Valley,
her heart must have welled up and almost cried
out loud, ''Home Sweet Home'', She had been
away so long - she was lonesome for the patient,
faithful, ever-loving Laurs! :

Albert's family was mostly at home, although
Virginia was married to Daniel M, Keeler and
living in Provo, where she was expecting her first
baby in the spring. Elaine was teaching in the
High School at Manti. Albert's and Jennie's three
boys were at home and he and Myrtle now had two
little ones of their own, the boy Cullen, two anda
half years old, and the baby girl, Mable Norma,
six and a half months, Else visited with them a
little while on her way from the station, She felt
better acquainted with Myrtle now than at first. |
She confided in her the fact that she had had "'an .
axe to grind''for several years and that she had
taken care of that on this journey. Then she told
her about that Danish friend of hers, sister so-and-
so, who had remarked to her some years before ;
Vena had married, "Ja, but Vena you vill haf.
alvays vit you", ''I vent to visit this friend on the
way home from my trip", said Else with a trium-
phant smile in her eyes, "and ven she asked about
my children, and Vena in particular and if she vas
vell, Isaid to her, 'Ja, ja - and Vena now has
four beautiful datters!'' Yes indeed, Else K. was
in excellent spirits when she returned from her
trip. . Soe
It was election day the day Else came back
and she went to the polls and cast her vote, and :
this turned out to be the final public act of her
earthly career, Within a week she had contracted
a cold which gradually went down into her lungs
and turned to pneumonia. She was seriously ill
for only three days, Her children were notified
and those near at hand came to do what they could.
The wife of the tailor next door, Sister Petersen,
who was a nurse as well as a very close friend
