427 Wyoming Interlude

Gantz was trailing 7, 000 sheep to the Big Horn
Forest Reserve for grazing. Ten masked men
visited his camp, which was about 40 miles from
the town of Basin. They clubbed and shot 4, 000

of his sheep, burned his wagons, killed a team of
horses, destroyed $700 worth of grain, and warned
his herders to leave the country and never return,
This ''Cattlemen's and Sheepmen's War" finally
ended in 1909 and forced the recognition of the
sheepmen's rights to a share ofthe range.

These great borderland dramas Were almost

at an end when Chris took over the management of
the Bennion Livestock Company (1908). This was
an organization owned in the main by Chris himself
and John M, Cannon, also of Salt Lake City; but
there were other stockholders, According to
Chris' daughter Pearl, the company controlled or
owned about 50,000 acres of range land and sum-
mer lambing ground on which they cared for their
thousands of head of sheep, plus a few cattle and
horses, An extensive ranch and summe¢f range
land in the Weber River Valley in no rtheastern
Utah served as the company's main base of opera~-
tion. The ranch itself they called ''The Weber’,
and here they had a large two-story ranch house.
Through successful irrigation methods which
Chris tiret introduced there, he and his hired
help were able to raise thousands of tons of wild
or 'white't hay. The Company also had rangeland
in Chalk Creek Basin near the head of the Weber
River and also owned property at Trout Creek and
Manila and on the West Desert, where they owned
two ranches and leased the school sections. They
also owned a small ranch at Upton, Utah, about
twenty miles over the mountain from The Weber,
where many of the company's cattle and horses
were cared for and hay and grain raised. Chris'
brother Arthur managed and farmed this ranch
for the Bennion Livestock Company for four or
five years (1911-1915). He was a stockholder for
a time,

ered four herds of sheep
r a place in western
which being on the rail-
ace for sheepmen who

The Company wint
of about 2, 500 each, nea
Wyoming called Carter,
road was an outfitting pl
