967 Kathryn Christensen

by E, B. Terry. Every place I have gone since
high school I have been involved with music in the
church in various capacities. A sextette in Wash-
ington D. C., of which Iwas a member, sang
extensively in that area,

"My church jobs started early. I believe
that we were in the eighth grade when Marilyn
Christensen and I traded off being chorister and
organist for the Junior Sunday School in the old
Timpanogos Ward. I may have been still in high
school when I was made Junior Sunday School
Coordinator. Iwas music director in MIA for
one year and then back to Jr, Sunday School in
various capacities until 1955-56 when, as a mar-
ried woman, our family moved to Hyattsville,
Maryland, where Bishop June B, Thayne said to
me, 'We have three jobs open, which one would
you like?' I'll never forget that bishop! One of
the jobs was ward choir director, ,which I chose,
Other than directing a Golden Gleaner chorus in
Orem this was my first opportunity to direct a
choir, Since then I have directed them in almost
every ward in which I have lived. I have also
taught Primary for several years and in Palo Alto
taught the fifteen and sixteen year olds in Sunday.
School, I became a Golden Gleaner while still in
college. —

"I attended Brigham Young University from
1947 to 1951 where [| graduated with a B.A, degree
in elementary education. At first I thought that I'd
major in speech and dramatics since I had enjoyed
being in plays directed by L. L. Terry in high
school, I soon changed to music as a major, then
to English as a major and then, to be practical, I
went into elementary education, English literature
is, I suppose, my first love now. While at the.
BYU Iwas a member of O.S, Trovata social unit
and was president of that organization during my
junior year. Iwas a member of the student council
as senior class representative my last year. I
was awarded membership in Phi Kappa Phi and
graduated with honors,

"Twas married on June 5, 1951 to Albert
Charles Todd Jr. the day after graduation. Bert
was a returned missionary from Czechosolovakia
