Christian A72

then out with the sheep again. About sundown the
sheep would move slowly toward the bed-ground,
browsing as they went. Returning to camp, I would
make a fire and after I cooked supper and washed
dishes, I frequently read by campfire light. . . My
brother C, I, Christensen (Chris) was certainly a
grand brother and, I may say, a true companion to
me. He often came a long way just to stay with me
at night."

Yes, the life of a sheepherder could be a
lonely one, especially in winters, and it was not an
easy one at any time. But under this heavy respon-
sibility Christian grew strong in physique as well

as character. ''He was a tall, slender young man
with wavy brown hair and grey-blue eyes, but later
became heavy", says his daughter Pearl, ''He was

very self reliant, with usually a happy smile for
everyone - but he could be very strict and stern
when the case demanded, though he seldom used
strong language. When he was upset with someone
his favorite term for such a one was 'chump head!'
But on the whole Chris had a wonderful way with
men - he was a real leader. He was very persua-
sive, people had difficulty saying no to him. He
made friends easily. He loved people and he loved
music and he loved to sing and to dance. Some of
his favorite songs were 'Come, Come Ye Saints’,
'The Star Spangled Banner', 'What Will the Robin
Do Then, Poor Thing', and some favorite piano
numbers 'Pure as Snow', 'Shepherds Dream’, and
‘Shepherds Evening Song'.'' In fact it might be said
that Chris loved life, for he had so much that was
good to give to it.

He married his childhood sweetheart, Caro-
line Larsen, 28 Dec. 1893. Pearl continues:--
"They were married in Gunnison, with a wedding
reception being held at 4 o'clock in the afternoon
at the Larsen residence, They were very happy
and cherished each other all their lives. Caroline's
father gave them two beautiful horses for a wedding
present. One was a sorrel (Old Mormon) and the
other a bay mare (Beauty), Christian and Caroline
rented their first home, the old Tony King place,

a rock house on the east side of Gunnison, They
lived there for two years while they built their own
