Andrew 498

Before this fireplace stood fathe NG epee =
leather rocker. I remember one winter v8 saat
built a blazing fire, cuddled Margaret on -

side and me on the other as he sat and let tly
choose the stories he would tell. As he a
rocked he took us into the sheep camps to ee path
him outwit a prowling bobcat; he led us up e

to a castle on the Rhine and he walked with es
through Tom Tower at Oxford. Finally, Tackett
fire burned to embers and we fell into our lie
he carried us one by one and tucked us into anol
Though the time he spent with us younger chi :
was limited, it had a rich and satisfying flavor: |
We never felt neglect or indifference from him.

1
Margaret writes:-- "As I look back on raat
childhood, most of my memories center ene
home at 1879 South Main Street. It was a larg

"g
two-story, red brick home with plenty of room =
a big family. There was a large yard, many a
beautiful trees, places for secret hide-outs, a”
plenty of room to play hide-and-seek and run- re
Sheep-run. There was a large garden area eee
each of us took our turns weeding and helping —.
irrigation, There was also a running well whet

one could get the coldest drink on a hot summet
day in all Salt Lake.

Mother usually kept a few gs
chickens to help supply her family with fresh ¢8
and also to help with

an extra treat for some ©
those delicious Sunday dinners,

d
"I remember my father was a lover of go°
books. We had a fine library at home and weré

a
encouraged to use it. How 1 loved to curl ap o=
rainy afternoon and lo

se myself in a good book. a
This was another heritage father passed on to ¥
the joy of reading. Religion played a most t
important role in our family life also, In fact, !
seemed that our lives literally revolved aroun 3
the church. And even though father was not —
a great deal, we knew that we were to attend ov

meetings and do our duty there above all else:

l heard him talk in Sacrament meetings many
times and there was no doubt in my mind but tha ele
he had a strong and lasting testimony of the GOSP
Mother shared this strong testimony.

il
"Fundamentally, Papa was a sincere famly
