245 Gunnison Valley

been sold, so the Bishop went to Salt Lake for
another load. Other peacetime projects were
planned and a committee worked out the following
seven point program: ''(1) Division of the wire
grass bottoms, a lot to each family; (2) A system
of irrigation where needed and drainage for flag-
grass areas; (3) A schedule of labor to accom-
plish the work; (4) Burning of old grass; (5) Survey
of lots and leveling of ditches; (6) Fencing; (7) Sow-
ing of improved red-top seed."

Br %K ne ne *

Upon taking up their residence in Gunnison,
Laurs and Else and their two small children were
eventually assigned a lot on what is now (1969)
about the end of Third West on First South. Soon
a small adobe house facing south was erected
there and later plastered white on the outside.

(It is still standing today.) Laurs must have also
been given some grazing land in the ''bottoms" for
his stock, as well as some farming land somewhere
on which to begin planting. Assignments of labor
for him in that cooperative society, however, were
definitely not relegated to the days ahead but must
have been given right away and started as soon as
his family had been made reasonably comfortable.
It is supposed that the grubbing of brush and clear-
ing of his own acres was not long delayed either,
There is indication that Christen Christensen and
Lars Myrup were given lots in east Gunnison.

Thus these and other Scandinavian immigrants,
who in general had been reckoned to be rather
poor pioneers, settled down to become fine grass-
root settlers in the valleys of the mountains.

In the summer of 1870 Hans Thunnison,
postmaster of Gunnison, sent the following report
to the Deseret News in Salt Lake City: -- ''We have
but a small settlement of 90 families. The grass~
hoppers preyed heavily upon us the last years.
The losses sustained from them and the burdens
we have had to endure during the Black Hawk War
were equally severe - but we are improving. Our
fields at present look barren and desolate except
about 250 acres planted mostly with late wheat
which looks very promising and will, we hope,
Suffice to feed the inhabitants of this place for the
