Kobberod 152

and pure by the way. And doubt no longer but come
next year to the place of gathering, even in flocks,
as doves fly to their window before the storm."
"Eimigration' -- this was a magic word now for
these new Saints; to Zion they must surely go -
next year!

The seasons moved ahead, Nightingales sang
in the long evenings of late spring - a choir of
innumerable, invisible musicians, At midsummer
the cool waves of the Limfjord and its numerous
water-relatives, and the various bathing beaches
dotting their shores, attracted vacationers, bathers
and boaters, In late summer and early autumn the
heather began blooming. And then it was harvest
time again, There was a bountiful one in Kobberod
and all hands were called outside to help with it.
Even the maidservants at the Christensens, includ-
ing Else, were put to harvesting the crops. This
would mean more money all around for emigrating,
for by now it had been pretty well agreed that all
who desired it would go to America the following
spring. Elder Myrup would be going, as well as
Else, and of course the whole Christensen family
except Christen Jr.

By now Else was receiving regular mail from
home, from Mads and the girls, but not one written
word had she from her parents, It was all the same
small talk as usual, avoiding’ the fact that they were
living in two separate worlds of believing. All were
well at home, they said, except Christen, who was
poorly. The warm weather had brought Stine out
of her ailment and she was blooming like a rose
again, Neither she or Karen, however, had suitors
yet. Marie was plumper than ever, Mor and Far
were still very much upset with her and ashamed
‘for her also, though they seemed to expect her back
most any day, disillusioned, and ready to make
amends for her sins, and her peace with the priest,
Rumor had it that Rudolph would soon marry a girl
from Kobenhaven and settle down there, There were
always plenty of good wishes and much love included
at the end, and sometimes a P,S, -- ''By the way,
when are you coming back home?" So they thought
it was just a little fling she was having. Perhaps
she would never go back, But oh to link arms with
