527 Joseph

and a student. He had one aim, to reach the highest
pinnacle, and his life was taken just as he was pre-
pared to start his real life's work. He was loved
and he loved all, whether Mormon, Jew or Gentile,

''A cloud of sorrow in the calling of this good
and friendly citizen will hang heavily and thousands
of friends will forever cherish his memory. '!

ste sle le ste ste
ak 38 a8 a8 nf

Roxie Ellen Bartholomew (Christensen) wife of
Joseph, born 30 Mar, 1872 in Fayette, Sanpete,
Utah, the daughter of John and Eliza Roxie Metcalf
Bartholomew. We are fortunate to have had the
following history of her submitted by her sister-
in-law, Catharine Decker (Mrs, Henry L.)
Bartholomew; she titles it ''Aunt Roxie!" , °
"This is the name she had for the last twenty years
of her life; people really didn't know her by any
other name, especially the youngsters of Fayette
and Gunnison, The school teachers who came to
Fayette still speak of her as Aunt Roxie. Her own
brothers and sisters speak of her as Aunt Roxie.
Her world was made up of nieces and nephews,
both old and young.

"She was born in the log house where her
parents lived the first few years after their
marriage - she was their second child and oldest
daughter, She could remember her father building
the new rock house, They moved into it before it
was finished so that her younger sister Sarah could
be bornthere, Gradually their new house was
finished - the parlor being completed last. The
carpet they put on the parlor floor was hand-woven.
Roxie's grandmother Bartholomew (Polly Benson)
helped her mother Eliza wash, card, spin, dye
and weave the wool of which it was made. This
parlor was a very special room, entered only on
Sundays when the members of the family were
dressed in their best and clean from their Satur-
day night baths. It was here that her father read
the scriptures; here that they knelt in family
prayers on the straw padded carpet - that was
luxury! This room was heated by a fireplace
which is still in the room at the present (1968),
