Andrew 504

father's life he was afflicted with diabetes. Having
been ill hardly a day up to this time, it was difficult,
if not impossible, for him to accept the fact that he
really had this disease and that if it were not pro-
perly controlled by diet and insulin it could cost his
life. Mother was so careful in planning his meals,
even to weighing everything he ate while he was at
home. She baked special bread, bottled fruit with-
out sugar and planned proper, appetizing meals to
send with him when he traveled. But to no avail,

for as soon as he left home he would eat at restau-
rants, paying no attention to her instructions for

his diet, and would often return home almost in
diabetic coma, Several times this necessitated

his having to be taken to the hospital to be treated
until his blood sugar was again at a safe level, He
would never be convinced that each of these episodes
was weakening his resistance to other infections

and having a dangerous effect on his health.

"During one of his frequent trips to Southern
California he contracted a severe chest cold that
developed into pneumonia. He tried once again to
make it home where he knew he would get loving
care, but became so ill he had to be taken off the
bus at St. George. On the morning of Dec. 17,
1931, mother received the shattering news that
father had passed away. With his death came the
end of my childhood, "'

Sheldon concludes the narrative:-- "Although
father liked fine things, in traveling he was more
apt to choose a modest hotel room with single-bulb,
drop light switch, where perhaps the only item
furnished to brighten the accomodation was a small
cake of lavendar soap of artificial lilac bouquet.
Nor, with his affliction of diabetes, was his pre-
scribed diet adhered to. Again there was a marked
tendency to deny himself in his valiant effort at
reaching for the stars, Through it all, however,
Ido not recall seeing him when his clothes were
not pressed, when he was not clean shaven or when
his shoes were not shined. Except when he traveled,
he was by habit akin to our feathered friends, in
that he always retired and rose with the chickens,
In this respect he utterly shattered Ben Franklin's
statement, 'Early to bed, early to rise, makes a
