53 Emigration

sailed from Liverpool, England in the ship "Italy",
bound for America and 'Zion''. (Ole Ulrick
Christian M¢nster, a former Baptist and one of
the very first LDS converts in Denmark, was in
charge of this group.) In 1855 quite a group of
Saints from Iceland were among those emigrating
to Utah. They settled in Spanish Fork among a
thriving group of Danish Saints there. By the end
of 1857 upwards of 2, 000 Scandinavians, mostly
Danish, had left the mission bound for Zion's
headquarters in America. That fall, all foreign
missionaries of the Church were called home
because of the coming of Johnson's Army to Utah,
which threatened war. This supposed ''Utah War'!
never took place however, but Mormon conversions
in Denmark were lowered because of shortage of
missionaries, and emigration for the year was
reduced to 70.

In Utah a Church Immigration Fund had been
set up to help the incoming Saints and from which
they could borrow for their passage to Zion.
Church wagon trains were often sent to the
Missouri and Mississippi River junctions to meet
companies of the poorer Saints and bring them on
west across the plains. At the close of 1860 part
of the tithing collected in the foreign missions,
heretofore used for the expenses of the mission-
aries, branches and conferences in those areas,
was made available for the emigration of the poor,
of whom there were many. From then on the
Danish missionaries, as well as those in other
foreign missions, had to sustain themselves,
while funds for the maintenance of branches and
conferences were raised by the free-will offerings
of the local Saints. Thus these members were
tried and tested: but it seemed that the added .
sacrifices and efforts brought manifold blessings
in their wake, A great spirit of brotherhood grew
in that northern mission, It was as if a magic
wand had been waved over the heads of all its
members, with the accompanying command of
"Let there be charity among you!" It is heart-
warming to learn of the love and sacrifices of
these people for each other and the gallant
generosity of the more prosperous in behalf of
the less fortunate of their associates, For
