393 Dreams Come True

they rode the abominable cattle cars on their way

to Zion in 1866 as newly arrived Danish emigrants,
In fact it was in Montreal that they had first boarded
those filthy boxcars, Laurs had spent his nineteenth
birthday those many years ago crossing over from
Canada into the United States. Who would have
dreamed then that he would return again to Montreal?
Neither could they know now that the day before,

21 July 1910, brother Mads' dear wife Else had
passed away in Denmark, The two sisters-in-law
named Else would never meet again in this life, or
would Laurs ever meet Mads' wife, as he'd
expected, but the others of his wife's kin by the
grace of heaven he would soon see - and also
Christen, his only living full brother! Can we
imagine the stirring of his emotions as he thought
upon these meetings?

Now continuing Else's account of their
journey:-- 'We started to sail the morning of the
23rd July, on the ship S. S. Megantic; came to
Liverpool 30 July; crossed over from England to
Grimby on the lst of August on the ship Vicaria;
came to Esbjerg on the west coast of Jutland on
the 3rd of August in the morning; came to Thisted
the same day in the afternoon.'' Here at Thisted
they must have been met by some of Else's folks |
from nearby Thorsted, perhaps Mikkel Skaarup,
who had come for Else before. .And when they
had come to the village of Thorsted perhaps the
flags were flying again to greet them, for this
was the Danish way to celebrate, And what a
family reunion and festival that must have been, |
though surely somewhat tempered by the grief
that still clung to them because of Mads' wife's
passing. And what wonderful days those must
have been that followed, with all four sisters,
their companions and brother Mads together,
along with all the nieces and nephews who could
manage to be there for the welcoming of their
Aunt Else and Uncle Laurs from America. That
"Uncle Laurs" fit right in with the crowd can well
be imagined, for with his good natured disposition,
kindliness and rare diplomacy, not to mention his
ever ready Danish wit, he must have won them all
over, both the Old Ones and the young.

gle ste ste ste ste
oe bs as 3k at
