455 Time's Hourglass

Feb. 9, 1847, the daughter of Andrew (Anders)
Christian and Mette Christine (Kirstine) White
(Hvid) Christensen. Early in 1865 she was bap-
tized into the Church and on April 22nd of the
following year married L, M. C. Christensen,
The following month the couple left for America,
she leaving her home and family for the sake of
the Gospel, They arrived in Manti in October of
that year, having endured the hardships of the
Sailing vessel on the ocean and the ox teams
across the plains. They moved to Gunnison from
Manti and then became associated with the United
Order at Mayfield, later moving back to Gunnison
where they spent many years, Later they moved
to Manti, then to Salt Lake briefly (?) then back
to Manti, which has been their home since, They
reared nine children to maturity and two foster
children; they have 54 living grandchildren and
five great-grandchildren,

"Mrs, Christensen has been a devoted
mother to her family, wife to her husband, and
ever ready to give service to her church and to
those in need, She was the first doctor nurse
Gunnison Valley had, She served in the Relief
Society both as an officer and teacher and in the
Primary Association, She was chosen at one
time as a delegate to represent the Republicans
of this county in a State convention in Salt Lake,
She has been especially devoted to the gathering
of her genealogy and has a record back to the
fifteenth century, She has made two trips back
to her native land, once alone and once with her
husband, to gather genealogy and has devoted years
of service in the temple to work for her dead rela-
tives and friends, She is survived by her husband
and the following children: Andrew B., Salt Lake;
Joseph C., Arthur M. and Mrs, Emma E, Peter-
son, Gunnison; Albert H,, Manti; Mrs. Elsie K.
Bartholomew and Mrs, Elvena Clark, Goshen;
Louis D., Evanston, Wyoming; and Mrs. Tresia
Lacy, adopted daughter, Exeter, California, ''!

The account of her funeral in the Manti
Messenger was as follows:

"Impressive Services for Mrs, Christensen'!
eee
