Time's Hourglass 454

and neighbor, offered her services, and, working
under the direction of the doctor who was sum-
moned, did everything she possibly could for her
desperately ill friend.

But Else K, Christensen passed away Monday
night, 19th Nov. 1923, It was a shock to all who
knew her, Sister Petersen laid her out, with the
kind assistance of other sisters of mercy. One of
their last services at the time was to wash Else's
long, heavy head of gray auburn- streaked hair,
and partially dry it and then leave it hanging down
from her head at the end of the table where she
was laid, to complete the drying before she could
be dressed in her burial clothes,

We have heard it said that sometimes spirits
hover around their dead bodies until they are
finally laid in mother earth to rest, to make sure
all goes well. Indeed stranger things have been
told. A couple of nights after Else's body had been
laid out there in her home in Manti she appeared to
Sister Petersen in a dream or visitation, She said
nothing but seemed to be disturbed and kept rubbing
the back of her neck, Sister Petersen felt strange
and puzzled about it and the next morning went next
-door to the Christensen's to look at the body. Of
course she lifted the long hair hanging almost to
the floor and looked at the neck of the corpse. She
found that someone had left a damp towel rolled
between the hair and the neck, keeping things from
drying out there. Decomposition was beginning to
set in and this had to be taken care of right away.
Some may find this hard to believe but it was told
to members of the family by Sister Petersen herself,

The Manti Messenger carried an account of
Grandmother's death under the heading of ''Else K.,
Christensen", as follows:-- 'Passing quietly away
at her home last Sunday night (Monday) Mrs, Else
Cathrine Christensen ended peacefully a 76 year
career of active service, 'Do good to those in
need' seems to have been her guiding motto, for
a careful study of her history shows her activities
to have been directed along these lines. From her
earliest childhood she has been devoted to service.

"She was born in Thisted (county) Denmark,
