655 Elvena

all learned to adore her without exception and with
good cause,

But Vena longed for children of her own. Her
brother Chris ''I'' was largely responsible in getting
her interested in a fine fellow about her age named
George T, Clark - and in getting George interested
in Vena. George had worked for Chris for a num-
ber of years as one of the herders of the Bennion
Livestock Company and he had found him to be
honest, hard working, clean living and most
dependable, besides having a very kind disposition
and being a bachelor, Chris felt that George would
make an excellent husband for Vena, who was press-
ing thirty, and he had a great desire to see his
youngest sister happily married.

George was a native of Upton, Utah, and as
a company herder must have often gone to the Com-
pany ranch in Upton for supplies when Vena's brother
was operating that ranch. Whether Vena ever met
George while visiting Arthur and Millie at Upton we
cannot be certain, Arthur and family left Upton the
autumn of 1915 and moved back to Gunnison, and
Vena seemed to have no visions of a prospective.
marriage at the time she was taking care of her
brother Albert's motherless children in 1916/17,
or she would have told them. She was still at
Albert's the middle of June 1917, as attested to by
the following excerpt from Elaine's journal dated
16 June 1917: - ''We've worked hard carrying
benches, tables, Victrola and lights out to the
lawn for our lawn party. Dear Aunt Vena has
worked so hard cooking and sewing for us. , , '!

It must have been very soon after that, how-
ever, that Vena left Manti and went to the ranch in
Wyoming to visit her sister Elsie and children and
others of her relatives living there. Chris had
helped her file on some homestead land close to
the others on The Oasis and she was supposed to
live on it a certain part of each year and make
improvements on it as Louis, Elsie and others
were doing. Her brother Chris, the sly one, must
have taken this opportunity to get Vena and George
Clark together somehow and the spark was lighted.
Their romance grew rapidly, fostered by Chris
and the others, and it was not many weeks before
