Edith Lovena 690

there three years, through seventh grade, In those
three years we lived in three different areas in the
Provo and Pleasant View areas. Why we moved so
much I'll never know. Mother always left a place
looking better than she found it, which took a lot of
work. We all helped. It was in Pleasant View the
spring of 1914 that my sister Lucile was born.

"I never did attend eighth grade, for that fall
found us in Rexburg, Idaho, where Father had been
sent by the church to head the Ricks Academy. I
started as a freshman in high school that year and
made an "A" average for the next three years. I
was fond of music and was chosen as a member of
a ladies double trio in School, which performed
often, During my second summer I took a six
weeks course in piano - my first since Leipzig.

"Discipline was strict in our home. Rules
were laid down quietly but firmly. I was informed
early that I might start dating following my seven-
teenth birthday, The day finally arrived and I
accepted a date from a fine young man to attend a
school dance, Father stipulated a rather early time
to return, Via our homeward journey we stopped
at a drugstore for refreshments. Oh my! We dis-
covered that even by walking fast we would still be
a half hour late. Father met us at the door, He
said little and that in a quiet voice of steel. The
young man left and never braved another date with
me. Underneath my disappointment I knew I had
broken a promise and deserved punishment, yet
deeper still I felt protected, My father loved me
enough to keep the fortress tight !

"The spring of 1917 found us living in the
small village of LaVerkin in southern Utah's Dixie.
I had developed some anemia and Father,

get out from under the pressures of schoo
had used this as a partial excuse

position in Rexburg, to mother's
roomed log hut overlooking the m
was our home for awhile.

Lizards scuttled over the s
invading our very rooms.

hot Summer sun and dippin
springs there, I recovered
into a brick home in the fal

eager to
l work,
to resign his
dismay. A four-
urky Virgin River
It was pretty desolate.
andy soil, sometimes
But between the bright
gS in the mineral

my health. We moved
1 and the three boys
