875 Ella May

also May 1930 - Iwon the Curtis medal playing
'Valse Caprice! and though mother and Edith tried
to get me to play the piano by note, I played by ear;
June 1930 - took the leading part in the play 'The
High Heart' and graduated from Payson High School
having won two certificates in shorthand, tenpins
and an Eversharp pencil while attending there.
1928-30 - I served as Sunday School Secretary in
our Ward in Payson; 1 Sep, 1930 - I started school
at Henager Business College in Salt Lake City and
stayed with the Harold Whites in the Fairmont
apartments, working for my board and room,

May 1931 - I began working for a Mrs, Ralls in
the Tourist Bureau of the Chamber of Commerce
in Salt Lake and lived at the Emery apartments;
June 1931 - I climbed Mt. Timpanogos with Albert
Hudson; | July 1931 - I began working for Terry
Ryan who was establishing a Writers' Bureau, and
I lived at a Mrs. Caines; 1 to 15 Aug. 1931 - I did
some vacation relief work at National Theatre ©
Supply Co." . .

Ellamae also writes other details of her life:-
"While we lived in Goshen my brother A, Owen
married 'Pate', who has always been like a sister
tome, Aunt Vena and cousin Pearl also moved
there. I remember Grandma Christensen visiting
us and making a braided rug for Mother. I rode
by bus to high school in Payson where I graduated
in May 1930. That fall Ienrolled at Henager Busi-
ness College in Salt Lake City and attended nine
months, While there I was typist for a school
paper, 'The Dynamo', and won three awards, one
in penmanship and two in shorthand, I also headed
the typing list with 97 words a minute and three
errors,

"While at home in Payson next winter,
1931/32, Byron and I went to Nephi to learn the
MIA contest dance, a tango, Ialso started violin
lessons with Tresia Krauss but only took a few,

I took part in the MIA road show and was in the
MIA ladies! chorus contest, Iwas hired to take

in shorthand and transcribe the funeral services
of John Perkins, Onthe 8 Mar, 1932, I returned
to Salt Lake City to work in the office at Henager's
and to continue business school,
