101 Bested

talked of the foe shooting its way up into North
Jutland. Should these Germans gain a great
victory in the end Little Denmark might even be
obliterated, or at least divided up between the
German states and other powers. Ja, Jutland
would go to Germany, for was it not well known
that 'what the German Eagle got its claws into

it never relinquished''? There was much said
among them also about a hired maid at the school,
who had been sharply dismissed recently from
her position there, although she had no place else
to go to earn a living. It was whispered that she
had been '"'taken in by those Mormons! and was
even planning to be "'dobt'' in their church. A pity
it was and a disgrace for all her kindred! The
whole affair was supposed to have been kept under
cover, of course, lest the school officials be
accused of over-leniency. Then there was talk of
what the Priest had said when he had come to the
High School the past week and delivered a scathing
discourse on the evils and perils of joining-up with
"that sorry lot of blasphemous sinners!" Then
everybody there had been as fired up and in arms
against 'those Mormons''as they were against
‘those Germans" and still were: -- well almost
everybody there, that was. How little most of
them knew after all.

There were no L, D. S. cottage meetings
being held then in Bested for the Danish Elders
who had been there conducting them had emigrated
to Zion Land quickly, when the war looked eminent,
or had been forced into the army. Elder Lars
Hansen was among the latter; Else supposed he
too had been fighting at Dybboel with the rest.

She had first met him at a Mormon meeting early
the past spring, where she had gone, at the invi-
tation of her last years roommate, to see and hear
the Mormons for herself. Her whole way of
believing had been changed from that time on as
she had marveled at each new gospel message
given. This winter she had been present at many
more Mormon meetings and her heart and soul
burned with the truthfulness of the things she had
heard. Her great desire was that her precious
family should also hear and believe these wonder-
ful new doctrines.
