629 Arthur

Millie's brother Bert continues with his
story: -- ''After leaving the Gledhill home where
Melrose was born, on 367 West lst North in Gunni-
son, which is still standing, Arthur and Millie
moved to a home on Second South and Second West,
which I believe they rented and which has long since
been torn down. Here their next three children
were born, which included another son, Wesley,
and a pair of twin girls, Grace and Gladys.

"After his marriage Arthur was associated
with his brother A. H. Christensen in the sheep
business, They lambed their sheep on Cedar Mt,
east of Salina. After lambing, about July lst, they
would move into Twelve Mile Canyon for the sum-
mer months and then winter onthe west desert.

As Ilremember, Arthur and his brother Lou took
care of the sheep on the desert until the later years.
Il also helped Arthur with the sheep at times. The
summer of 1910 we got word to take 1500 head of
sheep and start for the Weber River area above
Oakley, Utah. Arthur met us above Gunnison and
was in charge from there on, That, I believe, was
the start of the Bennion Livestock Company in
which Arthur, A. H. and Chris "'I'' Christensen
became interested, Chris '"'I'' was made general
manager of the company.

'In the summer of 1910 also, Chris ''I'' sold
out his interests in Gunnison and moved his family
to Salt Lake City, but spent most of his time on
"The Weber' where the Bennion Livestock Company
owned a large ranch and had their main headquar-
ters. Arthur bought Chris' home at this time and
moved his family there to 3rd West Ist South.

This home is standing today. In 1911 the Bennion
Livestock Company bought a small ranch at Upton,
Utah, in Summit County on Huff Creek from a Mr.
Benson and Arthur was appointed foreman of that
ranch. He moved his family to Upton the spring of
1911. LIlived with Arthur and Millie and worked

on the ranch for some time. Though not a rendez-
vous for the Bennion Livestock Company's herders,
they came there for supplies which were hauled
twelve miles by team from Coalville."

Millie was then expecting her fifth baby and
as winter came on and the year began to draw to a
