5 A Lovely Land

enjoy them to the hilt; everyone moves outside.
The land itself takes on the appearance ofa
gigantic festival, with flags flying, bands playing,
and flowers blossoming everywhere: heather on
the moors of Jutland; tulips, vari-colored, on the
island of Funen; potted plants in cottage windows;
cemeteries, hedged all around, purple with pansies;
flowers massed brilliantly in parks and gardens;
balconies bright with blooms on city dwellings;
wreaths and garlands twined everywhere at the
least provocation; red poppies in the fields of
Slesvig and, mingled gaily with all, the flowered
caps of girls, It would be hard to think of Den-
mark without flowers or flags and it would be
equally difficult to think of her without bells. So
often there have been bells ringing in Denmark
from spires and towers: carillons, bells to mark
the hours and to call the congregations to worship;
happy peel of bells for weddings, mournful toll of
bells for dyings; clang of bells calling her sons to
battle--Denmark has had her share of wars.
Flowers are for summers, but bells and flags

are for all seasons in this lovely land of the Danes.

The Danish citizens are patriotic too, dis-
playing their national banner at every conceivable
opportunity and standing, heads uncovered, in city
squares; singing with gusto as bands play ''King
Christian", 'Lovely Land", or others of their
country's songs; but it goes far beyond that. The
Danes seem to have sincere affection for their
homeland and a deep sense of national pride,
especially in the storied achievements of Denmark's
venerable past, They are proud of their descent
from the bold Vikings of old who roamed the seas
a thousand years ago, though they themselves are
as peaceable as those marauding pirates of the sea
were fierce. How well these Danish people know
the legends and sagas of their native land, passed
down for generations and told them in their youth.
Who know or cares where fact takes flight and
fantasy begins? Have you heard them tell how
their land got its name? Denmark, or ''Danmark"
as the Danes have it, means Dan's Field and was
so named about 900 A.D. after the mythical
Danish champion Hoger Dansker--''who has been
seated asleep for age after age, till the day of fate
