Brown Kit 306

young calf there, a bushel of wheat gleaned by a
widow - it had all added up over the years to the
one million dollars that had been required to
build it. Now at last it was completed and the
hearts of the people were bursting with feelings
of thanksgiving as the day of its dedication drew
near. A three day celebration had been planned
and one can be sure every adult member in the
valley who was physically able, and could secure
a recommend from his or her Bishop, would
attend one or more of the inSpirational meetings.
Numbers ofthe authorities from Salt Lake City
were expected, as well as caravans of church
leaders traveling in from other parts of the
Territory. Whereas at the time of the dedication
of the site eleven years before (25 Apr. 1877)
valley Saints had mostly come to Manti in slow
moving ox-drawn wagons, now they would be able
to come and go with faster teams and rigs.

On Monday, 21 May 1888, the Manti Temple
was dedicated by Apostle Lorenzo Snow, The
large assembly room, seating about 1,500, was
filled to overflowing. Men of the Priesthood were
seated on the right, the women on the left, as was
the case in all church meetings even well into the
nineteenth century. A regional choir had been
practicing for months for this occasion, under the
baton of Professor Smyth. ''On the first day of the
religious gatherings in the temple, just as Pro-
fessor Smyth was concluding the voluntary -a
selection from Mendelssohn - a number of the
Saints in the body of the hall and some of the
brethren in the west stand heard most heavenly
voices singing. It sounded to them as angelic, and
appeared to be behind and above them, and many
turned their heads in that direction wonde ring if
there were not another choir in some other part
of the building. There was no other visible choir
however, . . Some of the Saints saw the spirits of
Presidents Young and Taylor, J: MM. Grant, and
others, in the temple, and the heads of some of
the speakers were surrounded by a halo of heavenly
light during the services, The Saints enjoyed a
Spiritual feast extending through the three days,
and many shed tears of joy while listening to the
testimonies and admonitions of the servants of God.
