Emma 596

was born at the Peterson home and when the third
child, Tresia, was bornin the farm house on the

Albert Christensen farm west of Gunnison where

Vena and George were living, Emma took care of
little Alta at her home.

"Often, during her leisure hours, Emma
would hitch the horse to the buggy and, taking the
children along, go to visit Vena at the Gunnison
ranch, or Arthur and Millie, Louis and Florence,
Chris and Caroline, or Elsie and Alma, in Gunni-
son and even grandpa and grandma in Manti.

"In 1918 Charles and Emma bought their first
car which was known as the 'Big 4 Overland', One
day enroute to Manti to visit grandfather and grand-
mother Christensen, Charles managed to get the
car up.to the speed of twenty miles per hour, Emma
‘became quite alarmed and was sure he was driving
'too fast’.

"Emma cooked for many hired hands over the
years, due to the customs ofthe day and the various
periods of harvesting of the crops, threshing, etc.
Some-of this help even came from foreign countries
and the isles of the sea. Each of these workers
became somewhat attached to the family and enjoyed
the friendly hospitality of the Peterson home,

"Emma's home was truly a gathering place
for relatives and friends also. Whenever company
came there was feasting, music and singing, games
of all sorts and lots of good old fashioned fun. One
night Emma bedded down thirty-eight relatives in
her home. There is no guarantee just how many
slept but each had a place to lay his or her head...
Byron says, 'I can remember five cousins sleeping
in one bed, three along the top and two across the
bottom, It is just such times as these that are the
most pleasant of all to remember and keep in our
chest of precious memories. I recall mother
insisting on the cousins. performing when they came
to the home. We would always have a program
when our talented cousins came. Aunt Millie's
twins could play the piano and sing; Uncle Andrew's
Edythe, Aunt Elsie's Edith and Ellamae, Uncle
Albert's Virginia and Elaine, and Uncle Lou's
LaFaun, Rose, Alice and Marjorie could all make
