225 War Whoops

as they drew near the outnumbered herders, six
of them riding toward the two on the knoll who,
having no time to warn their companions, rode
quickly away for help, The other six Indians came
upon the unsuspecting three in the hollow, shot
young Lewis Lund in the center of the forehead at
close range, wounded Jasper Robertson in the
thigh but missed the third man. Then they took
off with the herd. The body of Lund was later
found, his powder-burned face down in Water
Hollow ditch.'' The very next day, June 2nd,
between Gunnison and Manti, at Twelve Mile
Creek, another melancholy incident occurred,
'Major John W. Vance, together with Capt. Miles,
Sergt. Heber Houtz and Pvt. Nathan Tanner Jr.,
were just returning to Gunnison from a military
drill in Manti. At dusk, while halting at the creek
to water their horses, they were fired upon by
ambushed Indians at close range, At the first fire
Maj. Vance and his horse fell dead and Sergt.
Houtz, with a groan, also fell from his horse as
the animal wheeled suddenly out of the creek.
Miles and Tanner, believing their companions to
be dead, headed back to Manti for help in recover-
ing the bodies. Later, Vance was found where he
fell, pierced with two bullets, but Houtz had evi-
dently recovered himself momentarily, after the
first fire; for his body, shot with two bullets and
Seven arrows, was about five hundred yards from
the scene of ambush.'' The savages always gave
good measure when it came to shooting. If these
tales seem remote to us, like something out of
Cooper's novels, we should remember that these
Danish progenitors of ours were very near to
these things and perhaps more deeply involved in
them than we can imagine. It was only with great
fortitude that these people were able to save their
lives and homes from these savage intruders.

Winter being a good time to work at building,
it is likely that young Christensen and Myrup went
about building shelters of some sort for themselves
and their wives, on plots that had been alloted them
within the confines of the Big Fort. Whether these
were of rocks, logs, or merely dugout ones, is not
known by us, One-roomed log cabins with possibly
a lean-to each seems logical. They doubtless had
