841 Edith Bartholomew

During early years, 10-20 years of age,
most of my positions were music related -
organist or chorister; since that time,
teaching and/or administrative.

Soon after Edith returned from her experience
of teaching in Iran, she was called to serve on the
General Board of the Sunday School, Shortly after-
wards an article appeared in The Instructor, official
magazine of the Sunday School, written by Lowell R.
Jackson and entitled ''Meet Your New Board Mem-
bers'' (abt. Nov, 1960), Edith was among those
written up in this article, parts of which we quote
here:- ''Chatting with Dr, Edith B, Bauer is a real
treat. One is immediately aware of her enthusiasm
for living, She readily admits she is an optimist,
but not the overactive bubbling kind who thrive on
froth and the pleasure ofthe moment, In fact she
says, ‘Life has many discouraging moments, but
it would be meaningless if there weren't some prob-
lems to face and solve’.

"For those who may not have enough problems
to solve - who yearn for a life of excitement and
adventure - Dr, Bauer recommends a foreign
mission, She returned only a short while ago from
Tehran, Iran where she served two years as an
advisor to the education program at the University
of Tehran. 'When I made my final decision to go
to Iran and began packing', she recalls, 'I became
very apprehensive, This feeling grew worse as
we stopped for an emergency fueling at Gander,
Newfoundland - there was a heavy storm over the
Atlantic. And by the time I got to Istanbul (Con-
stantinople) this feeling reached a new high.
Imagine, late inthe evening, being surrounded by
strange dialects, sights and smells, I felt so
helpless to it all - as though I were at the end of
the earth. Then, to top it all, someone said
Tehran was even more remote, '

"But Sister Bauer found a friendly group of
people at the airport in Tehran to welcome her (a
custom there); there was an LDS branch in the city;
comfortable accomodations were found for herself,
her son and Dr. Reichert, the other woman tech-
nician from Utah; the climate and mountain terrain
