George Fern Clark 956

river Elbe to Hallee, Germany and joined the
American troops who had fought their way in to

that point. There was great rejoicing among the
Americans but the German guards who had accom-
panied them were taken prisoners by the Yankee
conquerors. What a thrill it was for George, along
with the rest of his fellow comrads, to get cleaned
up and receive new clothing and uniforms. His
right leg had never healed and had given him quite
a bit of trouble, especially on the recent marches.
This was soon taken care of by experts. For the
first time in more than seven months word was
relayed to his loved ones that he was n
‘missing in action" but safe and compratively well.
He must have often wondered during those seemingly
endless months why he alone, of all his bomber crew,
had been allowed to live, And we too ask this ques-
tion. We do not know the answer, But knowing that
with the gift of life comes the responsibility of
service, we can only surmise that

he yet has greater
missions to accomplish and greater services to
Fender,

o longer

George and the liberated American prisoners
in his group were soon flown to Camp "Lucky Strike"
in France and from there, as soon as troop trans-
ports became available, were Shipped to the good
old U.S.A. His ship docked in Virginia, where he
took the train to Fort Douglas, Utah, Here he was
granted a sixty day furlough. Having been liberated
on 26 Apr. 1945, he was able to arrive home the
forepart of July. What a homecoming! He was
married 10 Aug. 1945 at her hometown Nephi, Utah,
to his sweetheart Blanch Yates (b. 6 Oct, 1926 in
Nephi to Herbert Moroni and Della Louise Willis

Yates). He was going on twenty-one and she was
going on nineteen.

George was granted a twenty day extension
to his furlough so it was not until about the latter
part of September that he went back into the service
and then he took his new bride with him. They went
to Long Beach, California where four large hotels
had been taken over by the Air Force. They were
treated like kings while here and it cost the service
men nothing, except for their wives' meals, those
who brought their wives along. This was indeed a
