War Whoops 210

John Lowry at length became exasperated, He
commanded the chief to be quiet. Suddenly some-
one cried 'Lowry, look out! He's going to shoot!'!
Before the Indian could draw his bow, Lowry
Sprang at him, He seized him by the shirt collar
and jerked him off his horse, He talked to him
sharply and then released him, Some accounts
have it that Lowry was drunk, that he insulted

the chief, infuriating the tribesmen. Thus the
guilt for starting the war is frequently laid upon
Lowry's shoulders, But Peter Munk, one of the
eyewitnesses, swears that version is false. He
declares Lowry, in all sobriety, simply acted
swiftly when warned of danger,"

Most of the settlers of this small community
of Manti were in meeting on this apparently peace-
ful Sunday morning. A few of the men had stayed
in front of the little store, talking, They had .
watched unconcernedly as Jake Arropeen rode into
the fort, They were entirely unprepared for the
swiftness with which the mood changed from one
of peace to blatant danger as John Lowry and
Chief Arropeen clashed in anger, Meanwhile,
Chief Black Hawk, sensing further trouble,
abruptly left the Manti fort and returned to the
Indian camp where he hurried the squaws, children
and old men, together with camp equipment, off to
the mountains, leaving the braves in support of
Arropeen, who subsequently also rode angrily away.

That afternoon the settlers called a meeting
to see how best to handle this unexpected crisis,
Realizing that their cattle which were roaming the
entire valley would be most vulnerable, they asked
for volunteers to start the next morning to round
them up. Thus, on the morning of April 10th, a
small party of unarmed men from Manti started
for the Indian farm at Twelve Mile Creek to gather
the stock, On the way they were attacked by
Indians, who killed young Peter Ludvigsen and put
the others to flight. They returned to the fort with
word about Ludvigsen and soon a party of armed
men on horseback, together with a team and wagon,
set out to recover the body, which they found face
down in a prickly-pear bush, According to Peter
Munk, 'All clothing except the sox had been
