Arthur 634

Burraston, who later became his daughter-in-law,
wrote of this:-- "It was in 1927, I believe, when
Arthur first came to the mine,. Iwas assistant
postmistress at the Tintic Standard Mining Co.,

in Dividend. He worked in the mine for a few
months, You know he was never idle. Millie had

the hotel at Manti at that time. He used to talk to

me a good deal at that time. He was so much like
his son Wesley in manner - very quiet but so thought-
ful and kind.

"In 1928 Arthur bought a ranch (in Flat Can-
yon) and asked Wes if he would like to quit at the
mine and help him at this time. Wes didn't really
want to leave Dividend but he loved his father
dearly and desired to be with him, He was under-
ground and young and could see the benefits of
getting out into the open air and under God's sky -
but mostly it was to be with his father that swung
the decision. Arthur wasn't really feeling too well
at this time but still he had come to the mine and
then the two of them left for Flat Canyon early in
the spring of 1928,

"A few months after they left Arthur became
very ill. He was a hemophiliac and even if he had
a tooth pulled he feared a hemorrhage. He suffered
from frequent nosebleeds and at that time he had a
particularly severe one, Wes rushed him to the
hospital in Salt Lake City, I believe."

Arthur recovered and was able to go back to
work, Later, Wesley returned to the mine in
Dividend. It was about that time that Arthur
received an opening with the Howell Livestock
Company. This was the company that had bought
out the Bennion Livestock Company sometime after
the death of his brother Chris "I", (about 1918).
Arthur went to work for this new company as fore-
man of their Trout Creek ranch, which was in
southern Utah out some distance from Delta and
close to the Nevada border, Here they produced
upwards of 4, 000 turkeys yearly, which were
shipped to California and sold. as "Howell! Ss: “Holiday
Turkeys. " ' af ;

Though Trout Creek was quite a distance
from. Manti, Arthur’ came home on occasions and
