Luther Bartholomew 846
good food and we were supposed to eat heartily.

'TProvo was our next move. Here I attended
three different schools ina period of two years,
and here again we had an epidemic of influenza.

I had it, as well as the rest of the family. As I
felt better, 1 made my first trip out to the chicken

coop to gather eggs - Iwas in bed a good week after.

''Here I remember making skis out of old
barrel staves, carrying them to the top of the
chicken coop roof and then Skiing down, There
was quite a drop at the bottom but I got quite
expert at this. I remember also of taking my toy

sled into the canyon and cutting and bringing home
a Christmas tree,

"In the spring another bo
watercress in the streams abo
washed, tied, and peddled it. at every opportunity
I'd go fishing from the bridge that crosses the
Provo River. My tackle consisted of a willow,

Some String, and a fishing hook, With these I was
able to catch trout, blue gills, suckers, chubs and
bullheads,

y and I gathered
ve Provo. We

"We moved to Salt Lak
Twenty-first South where

bend and crossed it. We had two or three acres of
ground, The place was quite run down and we had
lots of work pruning, gardening, repairing the
barn, etc. I remember a big apple tree full of
redwing black birds who Stopped to rest as they
migrated south for winter, Our place was located
near Redwood Road along which sheep were driven
from winter range to summe r range in the moun-
tains. This spring, after the shearing of the
sheep, the weather became so wet and cold that a
good many ewes with lambs nearly froze to death.
We were able to buy six ewes for $1.00 each,
including nine lambs. We hauled them home in the
back of our old touring car, wrapped blankets
around them and got them warm and fed them.

Out of the whole bunch we only lost cne ewe. We
kept them until fall and sold all of them for $140. 00.

e City and located on
the Jordan River made a

''We made us a nice garden, There were a
lot of old rhubarb plants in the garden which we
separated and transplanted. We had more than we
