177 Westward

At 12:00 o'clock noon they were all seated in
railway cars and left for Altona, about seventy
miles distance, where they arrived after three
hours pleasant journey through the green and
beautiful Holstein. This was the first railroad
ride for the majority of the emigrants, railroad
' building having been commenced in parts of Den-
mark only a few years previous to 1866, From
Altona they all marched down the hill to the banks
of the river Elbe, where the women and children
boarded a little steamer and went by water, while
the men walked a mile or so through a part of
Altona into the city of Hamburg where they were
all lodged in an emigration house to enjoy a com-
fortable nights rest. Again the spark of restless
Viking blood in their veins took a number on
another exploration jaunt and they walked miles
through the great city of Hamburg before retiring.
All spoke German here, which few of the emigrants
understood,

Getting everyone on and off conveyances so
many times took real good managing, and it was
with thanksgiving that they now faced the last of it,
for a time at least, On Saturday, May 19, 1866,
they went on board the double~decked packet ship
"Kenilworth" (a sailing vessel with Capt. Brown
in charge). This ship lay at anchor a short dis-
tance from the dock in the river Elbe. This was
an old English sailing vessel which had been
chartered by the Church on easy terms. It was
ordinarily used for hauling coal, etc, and was
not intended for passenger traffic. But it had
been fitted up on this occasion with bunks and
other conveniences on both decks for the comfort
of the passengers, At the time steamships were-
in common use for ocean travel but the cost to.
the emigrants for such luxury was prohibitive, so
this sailing vessel had been engaged..

The next day, which was Whitsunday (May
20th) was spent in locating the emigrants in
different parts of the ship and showing each family
its bunk, From their anchorage in'the Elbe they
had a fine view of the surroundings, the cities of
Hamburg and Altona on the north and the low and
flat country (Hannover) on the south, On the 21st
