Tresia Clark 926

with a group of young friends ina car when we had
a terrible accident. A drunk, driving another car,
ran into us. My sister Alta was among those in the
back seat but was not seriously injured, as some
of the othersof uswere, I was sitting in the front
seat and was badly injured and not expected to live
for about a week. My face was cut almost from
ear to ear and other damage. I was unconscious
for quite a period. WhenI first saw my father,
after regaining consciousness, I told him that I
was concerned that he and Mother had not been to
the Temple to be sealed for eternity. This seemed
to have been constantly on My mind after the acci-
dent. I recalled Mother worrying about my sisters
Vera and Alta turning eighteen before she and Dad
got around to having us children Sealed to them. I
exacted a promise from Dad at that time that he
would prepare to have his and Mother's temple
work done before my eighteenth birthday.

"My parents did prepare themselves and
were permitted to go to the House of the Lord in
Manti and have their temple work done and us
younger children sealed to them the very day before
my eighteenth birthday, 27 Mar. 1940. I know how
happy they will be when all of their children are
sealed to them and we can all
together in the world where th
made many sacrifices for us;
now fur ihem is to prepare ou
living to join them as a fami]

'In 1940 I started a course under Margaret
P. Maw at the Provo School of Beauty Culture and
graduated from there 15 Dec, 1941. | worked for
a year as a beautician in Fillmore, Utah and then
for a time in Helper, Utah. (I also did the same
kind of work in Murray, Utah after my marriage. )
I later went to Salt Lake City and worked in a war
plant (radio tube plant),

look forward to being
ey have gone. They
the least we can do
rselves by righteous
y in the eternity.

"It was while working in Salt Lake City that
I met my future husband, Max Andrew Rosenlund
(b. 20 Mar. 1926 in Fairview, Utah to Paul Andrew
and Annie Darthea Peterson Rosenlund),

‘Max and I first met in February of 1945 and
were married the following October 23rd in
