651 Elvena

for, as Tresia herself said, "If Vena got a new
dress I got a new dress and if Vena got new shoes
I got new shoes,'' Tresia remembers that both
she and Vena wore new shoes the night they drove
up to Manti in the two-seated buggy with ''Papa and
Mama" as she called Vena's parents, to attend the
' wedding reception of 'brother Albert'' and his wife
Jennie, 26 Sept. 1900. Vena was thirteen-and-a-
half and Tresia past eleven-and-a-half at the time.
Though quite different in temperament and exper-
ience, these two girls learned to love each other
dearly and established a deep friendship that
existed as long as they both lived.

Vena's two brothers just older, Arthur and
Louis, were great teases and played many pranks
on her; like the time they put her down the well
where she was supposed to hide for a game and
then went off and forgot to bring her back up; and
the time they induced her to lay down in the ditch
where the bridge was supposed to be, to rise up
and frighten their mother when she came at dusk
with the buckets of swill to feed the pigs, but she
got stepped on and doused with the filthy swill
instead; or the time when the boys had been
punished and sent to bed upstairs without their
suppers and they dressed her up like a "poor"!
child, well disguised in a shawl, and sent her to
beg some food from their mother for her "starv-
ing brothers and sisters", but got a good spanking
instead. The guileless Vena was the victim of
their pranks so often that it was surprising she
didn't catch on to them - and perhaps she did after
a time.

Vena attended the public school in Gunnison,
One of her school chums was Rose Bartholomew
(Peterson) recently deceased. Rose said that she
and Vena were almost inseparable in their youth.
They graduated from the eighth grade together and
since there was no high school in Gunnison at the
time this was all the formal schooling that they had.
Vena's brother Joseph was their teacher in eighth
grade and also the Principal.

Vena grew to be a very pretty young woman,
tall and slender with a fair skin, large blue eyes
and the most beautiful, almost golden colored hair.
