16 Westward

were delayed several hours. The supposition was
that the wicked engineer, in his endeavor to make
it as unpleasant as possible for them, had over-
taxed his engine and broken it before he could use
up its passengers. Nevertheless they arrived at
St. Joseph, on the banks of the Missouri River,
early in the afternoon, safe and well; and thus
terminated their railroad travel;-which had lasted
ten days and covered a distance of about 1, 700
miles. The round-about way they took through
Canada cost $5. 00 less for each adult passenger
than any other route. On their arrival at St,
Joseph they were given only one hour in which

to procure provisions for a two-day trip up the
Missouri River to Wyoming, Nebraska. They
boarded the steamboat Denver" and left St.
Joseph at 5p.m. The following night was a
sleepless one for most of them. In the first

place the weather was too Sultry for anybody to
rest, no place could be found for anyone to make
their beds, and in addition, officers and crew of
the boat seemed to be regular demons who
endeavored to annoy and vex them in every possible
way. The next day, July 28th, the steamboat
pulled slowly up the muddy Missouri River.” The
day being extremely hot they were not able to
venture out from the coverings of the boat for
fear of being sunstruck.

On Sunday, July 29th; they arrived safe and
well at the landing below Wyoming,. Nebraska,
which village was the outfitting place for the
Saints crossing the plains that year. Here at this
village they could breathe the air of freedom more
freely than upon any previous occasion since they
commenced their long journey. Both:on shipboard
and in the railway cars they had been confined to
narrow quarters, but here on the grassy hill near
Wyoming they could spread out and inhale the fresh
air and drink the pure Spring water as.it gushed
from the hillside. (This was the forty-ninth birth-
day of the recently bereft widower Christen
Christensen, lately of Kobberod in Jutland.) Later
some of their company were taken sick with fever,
a few very seriously. Some ofthis sickness came
upon the sufferers through disobeying the counsel
of the brethren in charge, who had advised the
