911 Max Albert

to write on it and Dave said I could write all I
wanted to. Ihope you and Grace don't get married
because you give Dave and me such good presents
and we sure do thank you. Love, Max. ,....
Manti, 13 Feb. 1933 How are you up there? We
are just fine. We had our Boy Scout Buzzerel and
we sure did have fun, The play I was in went over
fine and they had us repeat it in assembly. Mother
is out doing dishes. Grace went back Friday and
we sure miss her, I got your valentine and thanks
a lot - the candy sure was good, We sure have a
lot of snow down here and it sure has been cold -
32° below zero. Our water froze up twice. ,

I have been taking electricity, making little motors,
buzzers, dot-dash buzzers and other things and
maybe I will get me a small dry cell battery to run
them with. John Nielson is teaching it to me and

I sure like it. Well I've said about all the news so
goodbye, Love, Max. ... Manti, Apr, 23, 1934
I got your Easter egg and thanks a lot - sure was
good, On Easter, Morlin Cox and I went Eastering
and we sure had fun. I guess you are wondering ©
how our marble tournament came out - well it came
out fine! I got first and got a big blue ribbon and it
said on it 'Grand Champion', I got first in my
room and first in Manti school. We have sure had
cold weather down here but it is getting warmer.
School is only lasting eighteen more days and I
sure hope I get into High School next year, This

is about all the news. Love, Max. P.S. Mother
and I made a good batch of beer - wish you were
here to taste it,"'

Max, his mother and brother David moved
from Manti to Salt Lake City the spring of 1936. —
His mother had purchased a roomy home at 636
East 3rd South and here Max resided until he
made a home of his own, He attended West High
School from where he graduated. The depression
of the 30's was still on and jobs were hard to find,
After high school he joined the C.C.C.'s fora.
time, Then 4 Aug. 1941, in Salt Lake City, Max.
married Mildred Fishler (b. 3 Dec, 1918 in Salt
Lake City to Phillip R. and Alice Mabey Fishler).

Then came ''Pearl Harbor'! and Max joined
the U. S, Navy and by 1 Dec. 1941 was in it up to
