Ada Peterson 792

needed no more assurance - our new home became

a center of festivities, I could seat thirty-six people
at card tables and we had many lovely parties.
Bonita celebrated her fourteenth birthday there
before leaving for California to study dance at
Hollywood Professional School ('53-'56) which one
hundred of her classmates attended. In 1948 the
Fidelity Club celebrated its 25th anniversary in

our home with fifty guests in attendance. There
were many happy times during our stay in Delta.

"In October of 1955 Ileft Delta for California
to take on a new role as a guest home operator. I
called my place 'Ada's Guest Home, a home away
from home', One year later Lin and Larry followed,
after having sold our beautiful home and furnishings
in Delta. The home at 440 South Oxford in Los
Angeles was our home for seven years, It was a
two-story mansion. An apartment sized kitchen,
dining room, bedroom and bath were our personal
quarters adjacent to the main home of a kitchen
and pantry, beautiful dining area, living room, and
a winding oak staircase leading to five king-size
bedrooms for our guests, along with two bedrooms
and a maid's room downstairs, There was a sep-
arate building of room and bath with picturesque
windows, which became Bonita's music studio.

"It was while living here that I received my
license for six ambulatory guests and with the
help of my maid Dessie, a colored woman from
the south, achieved an A-1 rating my first year,
which I have continued to receive, I have always
set a beautiful table for three meals a day with
good food. I have cared for both men and women,
although most of my guests have been women, At
440 So. Oxford I cared for motion picture people
until they built the motion picture country home,
Each one had a story to tell. When they came to
my home they stopped using tobacco and drinking
became a thing of the past for them. Those were
very happy and interesting days for all of us. The
Lord was good to me,

‘When we sold that home to a builder we
moved across the street to 431 So, Oxford, where
we are now. We watched them tear down a home
we loved, along with a redwood tree for which Mary
