Byron Charles ed

of 15 Sep, 1945 he arose from the bed and made

his way unsteadily towards the kitchen where
Mildred was finishing up the children's breakfast
chores, preparatory to fixing him a good breakfast,
for he had said he was famished. She turned to
look at him as he reached the door - he looked
terrible. Suddenly he seemed to stiffenand
clutched at the doorframe; he could not take another

step. She helped him onto a stool then phoned the
doctor.

After the diagnosis and the prescribing of
several sets of pills, the doctor left the house,
Mildred followed him outside, ‘What is it Doctor?!!
she said, He said he couldn't be certain but that if
her husband went unconscious in a Short time she'd
know he had polio. Byron went unconscious alright,
and the next day (16 Sept.) was rushed to the Gen-
eral Hospital in Salt Lake City where he remained
unconscious for three weeks while his life hung in
the balance. He lived, but his right hand and arm
were stricken - and his legs - his poor pain-filled
legs. It was three months before he could sit up.
Eight months of therapy and hospital care brought
back the life and strength to his hand and arm - but
his legs? He never walked again. He was allowed
to return home a few days at Christmas and again
in early spring for the same length of time,

Mildred and the children all came down with
a mild form of polio to a greater or less degree,
but they were not hospitalized, The children soon
grew better but Mildred's trouble was in her spine
where she suffered a lot of pain, as she did in her
arms and shoulders, She was unable to lift anything
but she couldn't stop with a family to care for, It
took her five months to get back to near normal,
In the meantime Byron's father, Charle Ss,
away suddenly just three weeks after Byron was
Stricken. Someone made a typed copy of the pro-
ceedings at the funeral and this was sent to Byron.
It was poor comfort for the loss of a father, on top
of everything else, but it was comfort neverthe -
less and appreciated. We have heard the expression
"It never rains but it pours" - how true that must
have seemed to the Peterson family at that time.

passed

Byron was brought home to stay 10 May 1946.
