Elsie 586

San Diego and got an apartment and then went over
into Mexico (Tijuana and Caliente); then went back
to San Diego and through the Exposition there,
where we did a bit of shopping. Leaving San Diego
we went to Wilmington, then tock a boat to Catalina
Island and rode in a glass-bottom boat. We visited
the Casino, St. Kathrine Hotel, and strolled along
the boardwalk,‘ disgusted with the scant attire of
men and women. Going back to Wilmington by boat,
we started for home. It had been a wonderful and
new experience, Heber, Edith, mother Bauer,
Heber's cousin Dean Carl Bauer, LaPreal and
myself-all took the trip in Heber’ s car and all
returned home safely and well,

In April of 1957 Elsie took another trip with
her daughter Ellamae and husband (H. D, Krantz)
to pick up a grandson, William C. Krantz (Bill)
who had just been released after serving a mission
for the LDS church. Ellamae writes of this:--
"Mother went with us when we went to Mexico to
pick Bill up. The western part of Mexico is rather
isolated from the eastern part, being separated by
the Sierra Madre mountains, Bill was to be offi-
cially released in Monterey and as we had only ten
days we decided to drive the shortest road to
Monterey - from Mazatlan to Durango. It took
from 9 a.m, until midnight and was only 150 miles.
It was a narrow dirt road, actually only used by
trucks for transporting goods, We switched back
and forth to the top of a mountain and then'there
were more mountains as far as the eye could see."
Elsie was just past eighty-two when she took this
strenuous trip but she enjoyed it. Her last long
trip by automobile was when she went with Edith
to spend the Christmas holidays in Texas with

Edith's daughter Helen and family, when she was
eighty - seven,

In her later years Elsie became interested
in genealogy. She took courses in the study of this
subject for which she received certificates, She.
organized and put together a very fine ''Book of
Remembrance" in which she included a history of
herself and Alma, as well as one of each of their
seven children, She also wrote histories of both
her father and mother and of her Danish grandfather,
