535 Albert

leased a farm in North Christenburg, owned by
Julius H. Christensen, and here they lived in
summers for the next several years. His father
purchased some property in northwest Gunnison

on which stood a two-roomed adobe dwelling where
the large family lived for a few months each winter
while the older children attended school in the
Relief Society Hall, about a block east of them,
which was also used for church gatherings,

A larger house, of rock, was erected near
the old one and the family used both houses to live
in for atime, Additional rooms were eventually
added to the new house and additional children to
the family, until there were nine living children in
all besides the two little ones who had passed away
soon after their births. Soon the family moved back
to Gunnison altogether and the new rock house be-
came the "ancestral home"! of their descendants.

It was from this home that Albert walked some
several miles to the Sanpitch River, with his
bundle of clothes under his arm, and was baptized
a member of the L. D. S. church, by John Larsen,
and dressed later behind a squawberry bush. This
was 5 Apr. 1882, when he was almost four months
past nine. He was confirmed next day in church,

6 Apr. 1882, by Samuel Lublin.

From the time he was old enough to take
responsibility Albert was given work to do in the
home and on the farm. As he grew in size and
confidence he became eager to get a job for pay.
He soon learned that working away from home for
someone else was not always what it was ''cracked
up to be'. Between ages ten and eleven he hired
out to one Peterson for $3 a month and board,
When he was not much past twelve he worked for
a short time for Bishop A, C, Madsen hauling
manure in a wagon with a span of contrary mules,

But a few days later another job opportunity
came to Albert, Julius H. Christensen, for whom
his older brother Chris was then herding sheep,
hired him to run a farm for him at $12 a month
and ''keep'', With but a few extra clothes, besides
the overalls and shirt he was wearing, he was
taken out to run an approximately 300 acre farm
in South Christenberg on which stood a one-room
