273 United Order

sized patches as clouds occasionally cover the
blue sky. . One day, some time after the dreams,
Jim Paulson, Jim Whitlock and my oldest brother
Chris came to the place and it was there decided
to go down to the creek for a swim, Chris was

the oldest and I was the youngest of the four boys
present at the time. It was Chris' job generally
to take care of me, so I toddled along with the
other boys over the 'Indian Farmland', We ended
up at.the swimming hole. The three other boys
were good swimmers, It didn't take long for them
to slip off their clothes - whether or not they had
shoes on has escaped my memory; probably not.
For some reason the three went upstream for
seventy-five to a hundred yards to another hole.

In the meantime, I decided to paddle around in the
water but I had difficulty in getting my shirt off as
it buttoned down the back; try as I could I couldn't
get it unbuttoned, It appeared that the button was
larger than the buttonhole! I decided to go to
Chris for help. As the bank of the creek was
smoother on the north side, I determined to cross
over. The water didn't seem deep just above the
swimming hole where the water flowed rapidly.
About all I remembered was that I slipped and fell
and in an instant was in deep water, Everything
went black and then I had a faint feeling of floating
in the air, The next thing I knew I was on the sand
bank on the other side of the swimming hole with
my brother and the other two boys. They were
working my arms and legs and moving me around,
It seemed a long time before I could walk. Then

I learned what had happened, When the three had
come back to the swimming hole they couldn't see
me and they called, Receiving no answer, they
looked frantically about and finally saw my white
hair in the middle of the whirlpool, Jim had leaped
into the pool and dragged me out, As soon as I felt
better I was carried over to where our clothes
were, When we were dressed we proceeded toward
home, Chris holding one of my arms and one of the
other boys the other, As we walked along my
strength returned and by the time we got home
Iwas all right. We decided not to tell of this
experience as we knew it would worry especially
mother," (And Chris, Albert and Jim Whitlock
