Don Gilmore 894

Catherine. A few days later Freda and I left for
California with the intention of me completing
some graduate work in German at Stanford Uni-
versity. This Icommenced, I had a scholarship
to that university which helped with my tuition and
Freda went to work for the chemistry department
at the university to pay our living expenses,

‘But then came Pearl Harbor and I soon
enlisted and received a commission as an Ensign
in the U.S, Navy Reserve. My first assignment
was at the Naval Air Base at Alameda, Calif, We
lived in Oakland and I commuted on the bus. -It .
was while I was stationed here:that our first child,
Peter, was born. It was while here also that my
path crossed that of Cousin Sherman Christensen,
who at the time was stationed at Hollister, Calif.

"T was transfered to Eagle Mountain Lake,
Texas and later to Traverse City, Michigan, in
connection with experimental remote control
devises under the air arm of the Navy. Iwas
assigned as Operations Officer for an air squadron.
My next orders were for Hawaii and so I took Freda
and Peter to her folks in Snowflake, Arizona and
left them there while I continued on with my squad-
ron to Barber's Point, some fifteen miles out of
Honolulu, It was while Freda was awaiting my
return from overseas that our second son, Don
Joseph, .was born, I stayed in the Honolulu area
until the war was ended and:then was in due time
rotated home. It was a happy homecoming.

When we returned to the area of Palo Alto
in hopes of my ‘starting. school there again, we ,
found no housing available at our limited means.
although we searched up and down the Bay for ~
considerable distance. We finally decided to try
the. University of California at Berkeley. and were
successful:in finding. housing’. in a housing, develop-
ment with a lot.of other young, marrieds,. within
two or three miles of the campus, I soon learned,
however, that there was no course in language
which I needed beginning at that time:of year at.
Berkeley. But there:was a course in ‘law at
Hastings College of Law-in San Francisco starting
then;'so,. more by happenstance than design, I
enrolled at Hastings. College and commuted the
