Sheldon Bartholomew 782

greater part of a lifetime of activity, service and
success, But there is more, much more to be
told. By tracing the goings and comings of his
family we can form a skeleton of his early life
and by the writings of his brothers and sisters
can put a little flesh upon the bones and a bit of
blood into the veins. However, he alone can add
the spirit, the character and the personality to
his story.

Europe:-- England, Denmark, Germany,
France - all beckoned his family when Sheldon
was going on five, with the winter of 1910/11 being
spent mostly in Germany. His sister Edythe tells
that with their return to Utah, he could speak only
in German. Can you imagine him trying to explain
to his Grandmother Bartholomew, of English origin,
his desire for some bread and jam?

Provo, Utah - was where he started school
and where his family lived in three different homes
inthe three years it spent there; Rexburg, Idaho -
was again the family's home for three years, with
winters spent in school and summers at various
garden and farm assignments, since Sheldon's
parents were well agreed on the disciplinary value
of work, and where he received a patriarchal bless-
ing, along with others of the children; LaVerkin,
Utah - residence of his family for a year, 1917/18,
and where he again attended public school, His
sister Edythe tells about living in LaVerkin, "As
summer arrived in earnest with its dry, hot heat,
we were settled in a four-roomed log hut situated
on the rise of a hill which looked down upon the
murky Virgin River. It was pretty desolate,
Lizards scuttled over the sandy soil among the sage
and greasewood. To the west rose the remnants of
an orchard of almond, fig and pomegranate trees...
The log hut was furnished with only makeshift hand
constructed pieces, Comfort facilities were a
distance from the place and our refrigerator was
the usual 'Dixie cooler'. Our main duty outside of
the home was to take turns 'watching' the springs
where there was a bath house of sorts to which
travelers or townspeople came now and then to
bathe in the healing, sulphurous waters, and for
which privilege we collected a fee and gave aid and
