21 Peasants-Nobles- Kings

his tomb--he became Denmark's Patron Saint,
Oluf Hunger (1086-1095) ruled through nine years
of famine. Eric Egode meaning ''the only good
one" (1095-1103) so named because the crops
began to grow again in his reign, wasn't really
good. So he made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land
as a penance and became the first European King
to do so, though he died enroute. Since it took so
long to get word back to his subjects, he ruled
Denmark for nearly a year after his death--believe
itor not. King Niels (1104-1134) sat peaceably —
upon his throne, steadily attending to the affairs
of State like some ancient Scandinavian nobleman
farmer, But he bored the modern knights and
nobles, who forced him into battle over Slesvig .
(South Jutland) in his declining years, Eric
Emune (1134-1137), hard, brutal.and generally
loathed, was condemned at a ''Thing'" meeting and
slain by a Jutlandic noble, ''Black Plough", Eric
Lamb (1137-1146) the inadequate, almost let the
kingdom fall apart, since each peasant settlement
began governing itself as it had before the country
was united, In practice, the person of the Danish
king still meant so little that the peasants had
small difficulty having things their way.

"The Great Period of the Valdemars" (1146-
1241) began with the ''War of the Princes", wherein
three royal contenders fought bitterly for the throne.
They divided Denmark into three parts, one for
each; but at a banquet to celebrate the peace, ;
Canute was slain, Valdemar wounded, and Swen
Grathe blamed. He fled but in his flight was killed
by a Jutlandic peasant, who ''split his skull with an
axe'', King Valdemar the Great (1157-1182), whose
mother was Russian, reunited the Kingdom and be-
came the first of three successful kings to rule
during one of the most progressive and prosperous
times in Danish history. The last of these, Valde-
mar the Victorious (1202-1241) won much territory
for the Crown, especially from Germany. (It was
in his reign that the great battle took place at
which the Dane's flag 'Dannebrog'"' supposedly
floated down from heaven as a ''sign from God."')
But just when things were looking wonderful for
the country, the king was taken prisoner and held
for years while the Germans regained Holstein,
