Christian 470

‘South Farm" or ranch in Christenburg. He tells
about receiving help from Chris there:-- ''My

oldest brother, Chris, was my employer's foreman
over his sheep outfits, but in June when the alfalfa
was ready to cut and put up, he came down to the
ranch to help with the hay. Later he helped with

the grain which was all loaded and stacked by hand,"

The year of 1888-89 Albert was given employ-
ment with Julius Christensen's herds, under super-
vision of his brother Chris, He tells something of
their experiences in "The Hard Rich Soil", from
which we quote:-- ''That spring I went to work for
my old employer. Iwas with the sheep, a lambing
herd which lambed on the east slope of the Wasatch
Range about due east of the southernmost part of
Sanpete County. The sheep were ranged in about
the same vicinity until the first part of October 1888.
-Ihad charge of one of the two large herds then owned
by Mr. Christensen. That fall my employer came
to me and asked me if I would continue to work for
him during the winter. He said if I would stay with
him for one year he would pay me as high a wage as
any man he had, except his foreman, Chris. That
-was $30 per month; Chris received $35 per month.

"Our long trip with the sheep was commenced
late in October. The herds moved through the
southern part of Sanpete County, across part of ©
Sevier County and up to Grass Valley in Piute
County, thence south past what is now known as
"Bryce Canyon' and from there down to a place
then known as 'Loseyville", but now called ''Tropic"'.
We camped a little north of Loseyville on a creek,
We-had arrived at the campsite about dark. We
bedded the sheep near the trail and pitched our |

camp in a sandy flat on the east bank of the stream.
Rain poured down during the night, From our
-campsite, north and east, the ground gradually
rose for about half a mile and then the country
broke off into the valley. We could see the sheep
apparently feeding along this slope through the
forenoon, so we stayed in camp, drying our bedding
and clothing. The other herd had passed on ahead,
My brother Chris, foreman of that herd, was stay-
ing with me and intended to move on the next day.

"After dinner I started out to go around the
