Ruth Ellen 726

Relief Society Stake Board. Norma was the queen
of the first Gold and Green ball in our new Ward,
LaDon is teaching in Sunday School and has a troop
of Cub Scouts; she used to teach in Primary.

'I feel that perhaps one of my greatest
achievements is my long list of friends and the
many children besides our own grandchildren who
call Frank and me 'Grandpa' and 'Grandma', I
was written up one year in Neal Morgan's news-
paper column as having received one hundred
birthday cards that year, In 1967 we received
two hundred and two Christmas cards, plus other
greetings - so much love!"" On the back of many
of the friendly letters that Ruth sends out is a
little sticker bearing the following message: - -
"Dear Letter; go upon your way, over mountain,
plain or sea. God bless all who speed your flight
to where I wish you to be. And bless all those
beneath the roof where I would bid you rest. But
bless much more the one to whom this letter is
addressed.'' This message is so typical of the
love and goodwill Ruth bears her relatives and
friends and people everywhere.

Ruth and Frank make Occasional trips back
to Utah, especially at deer season when Frank
goes to hunt. Their last trip to date was to attend
Ruth's brother Harold's funeral. Frank re cently
retired and Ruth writes of this:-- "Frank has just
retired after twenty-three years as a civilian
employee of the U. §, Navy, teaching the appren-
tices in electronics, He Said he didn't realize how
important he had been until he was through and
they said so many nice things about him. ‘it was
just like attending my own funeral! he said, He
had his picture taken with the ‘Captain of the
Island' and other naval dignitaries," During this

time they have lived in San Diego. Perhaps now
they will find time for
and friends.

Descendants of R

uth Ellen Christensen and
Niel Franklin Hansen:

(A) Franklin Duane Hansen, born 11 June 1922 in
Gunnison, Utah; md. 18 Aug. 1946 in Las
Vegas, Nevada, Thora Jean Case (b. 9 Feb.
