15 Vikings

again acquired any sign of her former greatness,
But Ivar's army didn't stop there - it marched on,
taking East Anglia and into Mercia, ''The Vikings,
with their brightly painted shields and banners,
their finery and golden bracelets, made the Saxons
seem modest by comparison, As they slowly
_approached their foes they clashed their. shields
and weapons and raised long, repeated war cries
as their missiles began to fly".

Other Viking armies returned again and again,
No one knew when or where they would strike; the
English kings and their armies could not be eve ry-
where at once. Then the Danes began staying
longer each year and soon they brought their
families and began taking over the land. During~—
that century the Danish Vikings literally streamed
into England, until the whole areas of northern and
eastern England and the Midlands became one large
peasant community called 'Danelagh", The raids
and the settling kept up until more than a fourth of
England's inhabitants were Danes - or descended ©
from them, The threat to England became deadly:
earnest.

Other Vikings went to France. and. their chiefs
became rulers of sizable areas of Flanders, In
fact, they were on French coasts every single year
and the French king's only resort was to buy them
off with '"'Danegeld" - but they always returned. —~
In desperation, in 911, the king granted a Danish
chieftain, Rolf (Rollo in French), Normandy as a
fief on condition that he would protect France from
other Viking invasions, He promised but took it
lightly and Danes continued to raid and settle as
he did. Rolf retained Normandy and his. grandson
became the Duke of Normandy, later known as"

° William the Conqueror, who crossed the: chamel
and took over England in 1066. 2 EE

The real soul of the Vikings lay. in 1 the Nong
ships''. The Scandinavian peoples had succeeded |
in creating a craft that for its day was. undoubtedly
the finest in Europe. Every detail was the result
of thousands of years spent on the sea, Models of
such ships have been dug up almost intact, the
most famous in Gokstad, Norway in 1880. "It is
76 ft, 6 inches from stem to stern; 17 ft. 9 inche's
