S/ Emigration

Danish troops stationed there took them prisoners,
tried them as spies and imprisoned them for a
time. The retreating Danish forces, fleeing
through Justland in May 1864, and the victorious
Prussians who followed them, caused havoc and
all kinds of trouble for the few missionaries who
remained there. They overran the whole Jutlandic
peninsula, some even going north as far as Skagen
(Jutland's nose), In Aalborg the German troops
took possession of the Saints' meeting hall, thus
preventing the holding of meetings in the area.
The increase in Church membership in Denmark,
understandably, was not as great that year, nor
was emigration; but in Sweden and Norway both
proceeded about as usual. However, the deter-
mination to "go up to Zion'' was just as great, for
emigration was a goal becoming more and more
desirable to the Scandinavian members. In re-
porting on the mission at the close of that year,
President Carl Widerburg wrote: ''The spirit of
gathering is great among the Saints, and those
who Can are preparing to emigrate next season.
Would we had means enough to emigrate the poor,
honest and faithful souls who are struggling here
in poverty, hardly able to support themselves,
work being scarce and wages low."

y ste ste

36 BX 3 ok

There was war poing on in the United States
of America then too. It was a bloody Civil War in
which her President, Abraham Lincoln, sought to
preserve the Union as well as set the black slaves
of the country free. While Denmark's war then
only lasted about six months, America's lasted
well over three years and was still going on in the
early part of 1865. Since things there were so
unsettled, prices so high and things in general
in more or less confusion, the church authorities
in Utah decided not to send wagon trains east that
year; so only those who could afford to outfit
themselves for the plains crossing were advised
to emigrate. One company of Saints, numbering
557, left Copenhagen 4th May that year however,
bound for Zion; and with the exception of one
single days storm the weather was most fair and
favorable during its entire voyage. But this was
