Yesterday's Windows 368

A family reunion was planned in honor of
grandfather Laurs' sixtieth birthday, which was
July 22, 1907. All of his living descendants
gathered at the old home in Gunnison for that
occasion and those from out of town stayed over
for July 24th as well. Most of the children, with
their families, lived nearby: Chris and Caroline
and their four girls and two boys were just a few
blocks away; Joseph and Roxie with their two boys
and one girl were a bit closer; Elsie and Alma
with their four boys were settled in their new home,
which was also within a few blocks of Laurs' and
Else's; Emma and Charles came from their ranch
a mile east of town with one child of each kind -
but they were expecting another; Louis and Florence
came from the ranch they lived on west of town with
their one daughter and two sons; Arthur and Millie
too lived close to the old home with their two little
boys, the second hardly three months old, the
youngest of the crowd. Albert and Jennie drove
down from Manti with their two girls and two boys,
the last boy not quite five months old. Andrew and
Sarah with one daughter and two sons had the
farthest to come since they lived in Salt Lake City
and likely took the train down, Vena was of course
at home, and being still single was expected, we
suppose, to help with all the extra work brought on
by a gathering of this kind, Tresia, though of
course invited, was working in Salt Lake City and
could not get away. What a happy gathering this
must have been - forty-six wonderful people in one
big family, with a good showing of males to carry
on the Christensen name, each of the six Christen-
sen sons having two living sons apiece,

Chris was then overseer of all the herds of
the Julius Christensen estate and had some herds
of his own, There was good money then in sheep.
Lou and Arthur were working with Chris, taking
care of some of the herds, Andrew was Principal
of the L. D. S, High School in Salt Lake City.
Joseph was Principal of the Gunnison District
School and Bishop of the Gunnison Ward as well.
Albert was a successful practicing attorney in
Manti and had his eye on a judgeship. The two
older girls were successfully married, Elsie to
a sheepman and Emma to a farmer and rancher.
