659 Elvena

them. Mother and Dad both loved to dance and
Dad was an especially good dancer. When I grew
older the dance I had with him at every dance we
both attended was the thrill of the evening."

Vera continues: - ''We moved to Santaquin
on April Ist 1930, just before I finished sixth
grade, but Iwas still promoted. Dad had bought
a lot there with no house on it, so we renteda
house on the same block until he could build on
it. He moved the big garage from Our place in
Goshen onto our lot in Santaquin. It made two
rooms into which we moved. Later he added
other rooms.'! Tresia writes: - 'In my second
year of school we moved to Santaquin. I remember
spending hours and hours moving rocks from the
ground before Dad could plant a garden. We rented
until enough of our own house was finished for us
to move in. Then we only had lanterns to see by at
nights for some weeks and I remember how wonder-
ful it seemed when we got electricity into the house."

Mary Gledhill Dowdle said that the Christen-
sen and Gledhill girls were always close friends
through the years, as were the Christensens and
Bartholomews. Mary lived in Payson while Vena
lived in Santaquin and she says while living in
Santaquin that Vena used to entertain her neighbors
and friends at a program and musical regularly
every month inher home. Although none of their
children had any musical talent to speak of, George
bought her a piano more or less for these occasions,
Vena loved music, as did her sisters Elsie and
Emma, and though she never had any special
training she taught herself to play the piano some,
Mary said that Vena loved people and that ‘her
sweet ways and thoughtfulness of others endeared
her to all who knew her. Mary also said that Vena
attended Relief Society and other church meetings
faithfully and that she had one of the fondest dreams
of her life realized when George took her to the
"House of the Lord" and they and their six younger
children were sealed for time and eternity. (An-
other daughter, Viola, had been born in Payson in
June 1931, about a year after they moved to
Santaquin, )

Vena was the only one of the Christensen
