563 Albert

about us live and tingle in our minds and hearts.
She gave us new eyes, new ears, new understand -
ing. And while she entertained and delighted us,
she taught and disciplined in poetry, song and
story. She ran the gamut of noble emotions from
the simple to the sublime, and we followed along.
She tuned the strings of our creative impulses and
made them want to sing!

Her children's stories were unforgettable
and had their settings in places familiar to our
experiences, The one about the ''Two Little Mud
Girls", Dottie and Pearl who came to life, might
easily have taken place in the garden and barnyard
of our first home, for here were chickens, currant
bushes, often toadstools that came up after a rain,
Madsen's unfriendly pigeons that roosted in our
barn, stray cats, our granary next to the barn
that was plagued with mice, Uncle Gard and Aunt
Esther Snow's white ducks that swam in the big
irrigation ditch between our two yards, and plenty
of nice, clean, soft dirt for making mud pies. ''Be
careful little mud girls - the world is very big and
you are very little, '' said the friendly chicken to
Pearl and Dottie; but the advice was really for little
Elaine and Virginia, given by their loving mother.

‘Longshanks and Tockadoo" could have been
set in our old barnyard. Sometimes even now,
when I'm tempted to brag, I think of the rooster
Tockadoo and his bedraggled tail feathers. The
story of 'Old Thunder and the White Cloud'' must
have had its setting in the old County Block, not
far from our home. 'Two sisters and a Prince"
brought forcefully to mind the old adage: ''Beauty
is as beauty does".

"Old Santa Claus", a happy Christmas adven-
ture in verse, was made up by mother for me to
ool Christmas program when I was
in fact, the Christmas we first spent
in our new home. She dictated the last part of it
to me while she was mixing bread the morning just
before the program. She helped me memorize the
poem within the hour, with appropriate gestures,
emphasis and inflections. For more than fifty
years since then her descendants, to the third
generation, have retold this Christmas poem at as

give at a sch
around nine;
