Way of War 26

held prisoner in his own land for 36 years, at the
command of his two successors, both of whom he
outlived. The peasants fought to free him and make
him king again, which brought on ''The Counts War",
a great internal struggle involving tremendous
bitterness and bloodshed.

Frederick I (1523-1533) had to win the crown
by force and maintain his position in the same way,
for the peasants wanted the old king back, When
Christian ITI (1535-1559) was throned, the peasants
in north Jutland really rebelled; they marched
against a well-armed force of Knights sent to quell
them and inflicted a crushing defeat--then marched
south, setting castles and manor-houses ablaze,
Then the new King sent his army after them under
his cruel Holstein general, Rantzau. The peasants
retreated north and made a stand at Aalborg but
Rantzau's troops took the town by storm, plundered
it thoroughly, slaughtered its inhabitants plus 2, 000
other peasants who stood their ground there, Soon
entire north Jutland was subdued and its peasants
either executed or deprived of their ''freeman"'
privileges, These forces then turned to Copenhagen,
whose citizens were for the old king, and laid siege
there. For more than a year her people held out--
famine struck and they ate every cat and rat and
even chewed the grass growing on the ramparts,
while their dead piled up everywhere and they were
forced to surrender. Christian III did away with
the Catholic Church and installed Lutheranism in
its stead, He made the convents and monasteries
fiefs of the Crown and confiscated all Church pro-
perty, which was considerable, From then on
there has been no separation between Church and
State in Denmark.

The lack of education of Frederick II (1559-
1588) was appalling but his times were scholarly.
(Denmark then had one of the finest scientific
institutions of the day.) He fought a ''Seven Year
War" with Sweden, with no gain. Nor could he
eonquer his own appetites--he loved wine and
drinking cut short his life. His son, Christian IV
(1588-1648) became Denmark's most renowned
king, the one the Danes know best and for whom
the national song, 'King Christian'', was written,
