91 Bested

many Danes, even old ones, who never stepped
inside the churches except for special occasions
such as baptisms, weddings, funerals and burials,
and of course, Confirmations. Since the new con-
stitution some twelve years before, baptism in the
Lutheran church was no longer compulsory - but
children must be washed of their sins before death!
To be legally married one had to go to the Priest
and one couldn't dream of having his loved ones
buried elsewhere than in the churchyard. All
Danish boys and girls, wanted to be confirmed, this
too was important; yes, these things most Danes
attended to, otherwise they let the church just
stand there, (In Denmark, even at the present
time, the average attendance at the Lutheran
Church is less than 2% of its membership; yet

90% of the people come to obtain their confirma-
tions. )

One morning, a few Sabbaths after the
Priest's scolding, Else and some of her room-
mates attended the meeting at his church. There
were a number of the other young students there
also, for the Priest's talk had roused them. Now
this "holy man" took good advantage of his young,
captive audience that morning to unleash a torren-
tial, verbal blast against the intrusion of some of
the ''devil's advocates'' into their peaceful Parish.
He urged his listeners to "go forward, armed with
righteousness and break up the gatherings. of these
vile blasphermors who dared to call themselves
'Saints'. Drive them from our midst and let these
‘godless Mormons' know that there is no place for
them here among Christians !"' Then the Priest
read from a recent Kobenhaven newspaper what
the press there had to say of them and it was bad
indeed. Else thought she had never heard such
rantings and goings-on from any pulpit before,
even against the "evil one" himself. A group of
young men gathered around the Priest afterwards,
but Else and her friends hurried back.to the high
school, talking excitedly together. One of the
older girls whom they respected put in a good
word for the accused Mormons; saying these had
every right to worship as they chose, the new.
constitution guaranteed them that, Though public
meetings had been banned for them in some places
