891 Don Gilmore

watch indicating that it was already the New Year
and Dr, Hagen's that it was still 1916. The doctor
prevailed. Whether his watch was more accurate
than father's I do not know; Ido know this, how-
ever, that a birthday sandwiched in between Christ-
mas and New Years is not the best time of year

for a young boy's birthday - it tends to get lost in
the other events of the season.

"My oldest brother, Harold, stated many
times that he did not know Mother was expecting
and that it came as a great surprise to him to
learn that he had a new baby brother. He wondered
if the folks had adopted a child, I am twenty-two
years younger than Harold, Mother was nearing
forty-five when Iwas born. But whether Harold
was expecting me or not, my parents were and all
of my recollections of them are of tender, loving
care towards me. Mother told me several times
while I was a young chap that although she had
other children she felt, upon my birth, like 'Sarah
of Old' must have felt about her son Isaac, who
was born when she was old. She always made me
feel like I was something special and important to
her, and throughout her lifetime I tried: to be just
that, -

"At the time of my birth we were ‘he siding t
within the Gunnison City limits but my first clear
recollection of home is the farmhouse down below
Rocky Point, a mile or so west:of Gunnison, Along
about age nine I became-ill with pneumonia and -
recall spending considerable time in bed and out.
of school. When Lwas recuperating, the-ice on
the Sanpitch River was thick enough | for, skating,
and sliding. I importuned Mother until she finally
let me go out and play with the others, I was not
sufficiently recovered andthe relapse which. a
followed was considerably more severe than. the
initial illness, I have heard that the doctor. . :
despaired of my life, but Mother! s constant care
and the ‘mustard plasters' apparently pulled me.
through, Mother was also my teacher during the
long period of convalescence and I was quite sur-
prised, on returning to school, to find that Iwas
right up with the class,

-"Speaking of illness, there was an evening
