Louis 616

relieved to have this episode in their lives die a
natural death at last than the Christensens,

Louis was elected Uinta County Sheriff
beginning with the election of Nov. 1918, for four
two-year terms, He moved his family of ten into
the ''sheriff's house" in Evanston, Wyoming. He
failed to serve his fourth term as county sheriff
however, as he was appointed Wyoming State
Commissioner of Law Enforcement by Gov. Nellie
Taylor Ross, first woman governor in the United
States in the early part of 1925, So he moved his
family to Cheyenne, Wyoming, which was the State
Capitol, and had his office suite in the capitol
building there.

The Christensen family lived in Cheyenne for
two years and then returned to live in a nice home
in Evanston, Wyoming and Louis continued to serve
in law enforcement on a city level. He served in
law enforcement in Wyoming at some level or
another for nearly thirty years. He was a valuable
man in that field. Many criminals crossed his path
during those years. His daughter Rose, telling of
this, writes: '''Louis was a big man' his Bishop
said of Dad, ‘with a heart to match', and I agree.
Bishop Rawlins also said of father, 'There was no
one more persistent in tracking down and bringing
criminals to justice; yet no one kinder to those he
had captured'; and with this I also agree,'!

Oil was being found in the area about this time
and Louis decided he would look for oil on his ranch.
A rig was set up and men started to drill on the
place. His son Weldon tells of an incident that
happened during the drilling: '"I guess one of the
most exciting things that ever happened to me was
the time the big steam boiler blew up on our ranch
six miles east of Lyman. Some oil people were
drilling for oil on our place, This particular day
some drillers were trying to pull some casing or
pipe out of the hole they were drilling. After
trying and trying, without success, they decided
to dynamite it out by sending a homemade bomb on
the end of a cable a thousand or so feet down into
the hole in hopes of breaking the casing in two and

loosing the pipe. The cable was attached to the end
of the steam boiler, Several tries were made to
