671 Tresia

Long before, Tresia's father's father had
passed away when her father was very young and
his mother married a Mr. Newren, said to have
been a musician, and by him she had at least two
sons, Tresia's father's half brothers, Family
tradition claims that Mr. Newren was accidently
drowned when crossing a stream late one evening
while returning from a dance at which he had been
the fiddler, Be that as it may, Tresia's grand-
mother, the widow Newren, joined the LDS Church
and, together with her two sons, emigrated to
America and Zion, Later she died in Utah and
Tresia's mother received a small sum of money
from the grandmother's estate, as her husband's
portion in behalf of his children,

At this time Tresia's mother, encouraged
by the Mormon missionaries, was herself planning
to emigrate to Zion as soon as she could get the
means. She decided to use the children's small
legacy to send her oldest daughter, Tresia, to stay
with one of her husband's half brothers in Utah until
she and the younger daughter could join her. So
Tresia left Sweden by ship, in company with a
returning Mormon missionary and his Swedish
bride, the autumn of 1895, enroute to Zion and
her half-uncle Mr. Newren's home in Salt Lake
City. Little Swedish Tresia was going on seven
at the time and could speak no English. Mr. New-
ren was a polygamist with two wives and two
separate families. Times were hard and money
was scarce and with many mouths to feed, Tresia
was not overly welcome. She stayed with Mr.
Newren's one family in Salt Lake for awhile and
then was sent to Scofield in Carbon County to live
with his other wife and family, where she remained
for about a year, In the meantime the first wife
and family had moved to Gunnison, Sanpete County
and Tresia was sent to live with them again, Then
these Newrens left Gunnison and she ended up living
with an elderly couple in Centerfield who were no
relation as far as she knew and whose names she
soon forgot.

Tresia was baptized a member of the LDS
Church 31 July 1897, while living in Centerfield,
She had never attended school up to this point so
