921, Cullen Yates

dated quite often nevertheless. The summer after
high school graduation Cullen went out of state to
work on a ranch. Daryl worked at Parks Cafe in
Orem and found that there were other young men
interested in her, one in particular who was very
persuasive.

Cullen attended BYU the following winter and
Since Daryl seemed unavailable for dating their
paths seldom crossed. The next summer he went
with his brother Phil to Tulsa, Wyoming. and worked
for the McGinnis Livestock Company, and Phil tells
Something of this:- ''I drove my old Austin up to
Wyoming in the summer of 1940 to work for the
livestock company again. As I recall Cullen, my
younger brother, Warren Tanner and Gus Keele
went with me to work on the ranch, Cullen,
Warren and Gus were all pretty good sized and I,
of course, had then reached a pretty mature stature
myself, although I think I was smaller than the
others, When we finished our work on the ranch
that fall we went up to Yellowstone Fark. We had
no place to stay and we spent one of the coldest
nights I ever recall, all four of us trying to sleep
in that little old Austin. But we had a nice trip
nevertheless. I don't remember how much money
we were able to save from the work up there but
it was not a great deal, though it did help a little

getting started in school again."

Cullen attended BYU that winter. Daryl
married Richard Hamilton Sparks that same
winter. After his two years at BYU Cullen went
back to Washington D.C. and studied law at the
George Washington University. To make his way
he was also employed by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation in its Washington office. Here he
remained from the fall of 1941 until Aug. 1944,
when he was drafted into the army, since World
War II was on. He trained first in Texas and then
Maryland and became a special agent in the U.S.
Army Counter Intelligence Corps (CIC). He was
sent to serve in Japan but arrived there just as
the war ended in 1945. However, he remained
in Japan with the forces of occupation until 1946,

Meanwhile, Daryl was having marital prob-
lems and was in the process of securing-a separation
