Arthur 638

sent for a new typewriter for Dave and he is a
happy boy about that. I wish you would go to see.
Elaine and Pearl too. Answer soon - love,
Mother.'"'

Arthur got no better and was rushed to the
Salina hospital. A card written by him from Salina
to Gladys in Salt Lake, Fri. 22 Oct. 1932, bore
this message: - 'Dearest Gladys: Your letter and
parcel came this morning. Thanks a lot dear, I
surely appreciate it. The doctors says Iam better!
I surely have a lot of distress, After I eat it seems
worse than before but I guess it just has to be. I
get along pretty good in the day but the nights are
bad. I cannot sleep very long at a time and lay
awake so much but am trying to get better. Haven't
heard from mother since you were here - guess she
is awfully busy. Hope I can get away from here
before too long. Best love, Dad."

Some two weeks later Arthur was taken from
the hospital in Salina to the L. D.S. hospital in Salt
Lake City to undergo an abdominal operation. He
was in serious condition, A letter from twelve
year old Max, written to him at Manti Nov. 30,
1932 and sent by way of Gladys in Salt Lake, was
as follows: "Dear Daddy: - How do you feel by now?
We sure all feel Sorry for you and are hoping that
you will soon get well and come home,- It sure
Seems lonesome around here and we all felt so bad
when they phoned and said you had to have a second
Operation. Ihave the flu but I am lots better now,
Mama has a little cold tonight but I guess she will
get alright. She is now cooking supper. Iam still
doing my beading work and I sure have made a lot
of bracelets and rings. It sure is fascinating. It
sure is warm down here now but it is cold some-
times, We have the furnace going now. The
bottom part of it burned out but Dave fixed it
tonight with some pieces of iron,

"Dave has got one load
you left and. maybe we will
We went out last Saturday and got a load of barley.
We haven't killed our pig yet because mother said
she couldn't take care of it now. Iam still busy
in my Scout work and doing fine. I sure wish I
could get up there to see you but IJ guess I can't

of fat pinewood since
get another Saturday..,
