Aalborg 172

Saints meeting hall with nearly a hundred other
people of all ages. That they were joshed and
jollied by many is easy to imagine - but that Laurs
M. C. Christensen always had a ready and witty
answer for each friendly offender is still easier to
believe. Did the four of them ever take the oppor-
tunity to steal away together and explore Aalborg?
Did they borrow father Christen's team and carriage
for rides through the city streets or along the shores
of the beautiful Limfjord? Or did their tastes run
to theatres, pleasure gardens, parks, museums
and the zoo? It is not likely that these honey-
mooners indulged in many of the frivolities in
Aalborg. Elder Myrup must have been kept pretty
busy seeing to the problems of the emigrating con-
verts he had made, besides other branch responsi-
bilities. The other three must have been well
occupied with the many daily tasks pertaining to the
ordinary everyday living in the Christensen family -
meals, washing of dishes and clothes, mending,
minding the children, etc, And there were always
long black stockings to be knit - no woman could
hardly keep ahead of that. Yes, all these things
had to go forward, along with the general prepara-
tions for the voyage, whether or no, These emi-
grant honeymooners from Thy were likely treated
much as ordinary people - but it must have been
fun being married and planning a new home ina
new land anyway! oe

ah se sh sl 4,
ok 4 Pd * *

Elder Carl Winderborg was President of the
Scandinavian Mission at that time. Since the trans-
portation of Scandinavian emigrants directly from
Hamburg, Germany to New York had proved so
successful the year before, it was decided that
the same route should be taken by the emigrants
in 1866, bypassing Liverpool and other ports
‘enroute. So President Brigham Young Jr. and
Elder John W,. Young, from the European Mission
headquarters in Liverpool, personally went to
Hamburg in late April to assist President Winder-
burg in making the necessary arrangements to
that end. By the middle of May all was in order
for the departure of the year's first company of
emigrating Saints from Scandinavia,
