243 Gunnison Valley

In May or June 1866 word was sent from
Brigham Young for the Gunnison settlers to move
their cabins in line for outside walls of a fort. No
sooner said than begun. Four blocks, numbers 13,
14, 20 and 21 (with the middle intersection at
todays 2nd West on Center Street) were enclosed,
Walls. between the cabins were rocked up toa
height of seven feet with peepholes near the top,
At each corner circular structures with many
peepholes served as lookouts for the watchmen,
There was a substantial gate on each side in line
with the cross streets. A standing guard was
maintained night and day. West, on Rocky Point,
a great pile of straw was heaped up ready for
firing as a warning should any redmen be sighted.
Boys too young to stand guard ran errands and
carried food and water to the men on duty.

In the spring of 1867, when the Indians
renewed their shocking brutality, all of the settle-
ments on the Sevier River south of Gunnison had
been evacuated and many of the evacuees were
welcomed to Fort Gunnison, though some chose
other settlements farther north. The people from
the area of Fayette to the north moved their log
cabin homes into Gunnison Fort also. At this’
time President Brigham Young advised the build-
ing of a more substantial fortification at Gunnison.
Militiamen at once commenced work on what was
designed to be a splendid structure, surrounding
the fort and enclosing twelve city blocks. The —
two-story northeast tower of rock, circular in
form, reached a height of about thirteen feet,
the tapering walls of which, four feet thick at the
base, had small openings to shoot through. This
fortification was never finished, for the need for
it Subsided before it could be fully accomplished.

Settlers came from both north and south:to.
Fort Gunnison and as they came they were wel-
comed and room provided for them, even houses
built. Many of the military from the north were
Stationed there from time to time. A few stories
that have come down to us from life in Gunnison
Fort would not be amiss here. "After a few weeks
living within its walls, a letter was sent to Presi-
dent Wells (head of the Mormon Battalion in Utah)
