899 Vera Clark

(53) Vera Clark (9) writes, 'I was born 12
July 1918 in Manti, Sanpete, Utah, in my grand-
father and grandmother Christensen's home. I
spent most of my first two years onthe ranch
(The Oasis) near Lyman, Wyoming or on The
Weber in northeastern Utah where my father ran
sheep. Then Father went to work for Mother's
brother, Uncle Albert, running his ranch west of
Gunnison, Utah. My sister Alta was born at Aunt
Emma's while we were living at the ranch and my
second sister Tresia was born at the ranch and
Aunt Emma took care of little Alta.

"Ivan Lyon's folks were also farming west
of Gunnison for some Mellors, My folks and the
Lyons visited back and forth and played cards
together. The folks would do the chores at night,
on occasions, get out the horse and wagon, spend
the night playing cards and visiting at the Lyons,
while we children slept, then drive home next
morning in time to do the chores. Sometimes the
Lyons would come to our house, People in -Gunni-
son used to tell me that the Lyons! son, Ivan, once
pushed me into a ditch of water. This was not
quite right however, for Ivan says he remembers
it well because his Dad gave him a licking because
he picked me up and tried to carry me over a
ditch full of water and accidently dropped me in
it. Imyself can't remember this since it must
have been before we moved to Goshen when I was
four,

"In Goshen the folks rented a place across
from the George Burraston family, who were fine
neighbors and have been good friends ever since.
Dad finally bought a home across from Uncle Alma
and Aunt Elsie Bartholomew, Mother's sister. —

"The year I was in the third grade we had so
much sickness - measles, mumps, chickenpox,
pneumonia, and I had scarlet fever, Mother said
the doctor came every day for me and my sister
LaFaye, who had measles and then pneumonia.

He expected me to die and her to get well. Idon't
remember a thing about getting sick or being sick
until I was nearly well - in fact when I started to
peel. I could pull good sized patches of skin off.
I can also remember the morning LaFaye died,
