Kathryn Christensen 970

with great excitement and anticipation that we
looked forward to this opportunity. I taught

school at the Hillcrest School in Orem. I took
Russian at night for one quarter but found that the
schedule was too demanding to continue. I did get
lots of genealogy work done that year with the help
of Virginia Keeler, Mother cared for the three
children with the help of a lady who did the cleaning
and the ironing, In May 1959 Dad Todd came from
California to help Mother with the children while I
joined Bert in Moscow for a six week tour of the
Soviet Union with him and the other American
students and wives. This had been the first
exchange of students through the University Travel
Grant committee. On the tour we visited Moscow,
Leningrad, Tiblise, Sochi, Yalta, Odessa and Kiev.
We traveled by train, bus and airplane. This was
not the usual tourist journey. We were given con-
siderable freedom and all of the students spoke
fluent Russian by that time. On our return trip
we stopped at Warsaw, East and West Berlin,
Paris, and London, After picking up the three
children in Utah we returned to Washington D. C.
where we stayed in Ralph Mecham's home until we
found an apartment in Cambridge, Mass., where
Bert had been offered a two year fellowship at the
Russian Research Center at Harvard University.
At first we lived in an apartment at Sitko's just

off Massachusetts Avenue but after Phil was born
in July 1960 we moved to an apartment two stories
above Pop's Liquor Store on Western Avenue in
Allston, Mass, Our association with Kent and
Betsy Christensen these two years was delightful.

. In September 1961 Bert accepted a joint
appointment at Indiana University in the Slavic
Languages and Literatures Department and in the.
History Department, We rented a large university
owned home just off campus. Dad Todd came to
live with us for one year, but health required that
he leave Indiana. During the first year there in
Indiana I ran 'The Princess Playschool! for four
and five year old girls so that Jeanmarie would
have some friends and to help pay for the grand
piano that I had purchased, I had seven little girls
for two hours five days a week, During all of the
time in Indiana it was quite obvious that our
