Joseph 532

at her table these very ones would say, 'What
delicious meat - what is it?' It was mutton,

"She made her own yeast and bread - cakes,
pies, butter, cottage cheese, cheddar cheese and
head cheese, She made sausage and cured hams
and bacon, Always she had a garden of wonderful
flowers and vegetables, She would have cantaloupe
enough from her garden each fall for a Fayette
'town treat" Ruth Ellen adds to this:-- "Always
her hands were busy. Her hoe was her cane - no
weeds could show their heads in her large garden
and live,"'

Catherine continues:-- 'She always had
chickens to supply eggs, chicken for Sunday dinners
and 'egg money'. She stuffed them for roasting with
bread and sage dressing. She raised turkeys, ducks
and geese, She kept her youngest son, Don, on his
mission with her 'egg money', She was always on
the giving end of life.

"Roxie was a wonderful mother to Henry's
three boys, as well as her own. It was a sad
experience for her when Henry's middle boy, Keith,
died after two operations (1937), He had always
been so kind and courteous to her. She had been
in Henry's home some thirteen years when he was
married to his second wife, Catherine Decker. She
stayed on seven more years to help mother two more
of Henry's sons by this second marriage.

"In October 1948 she moved back to Gunnison
and went to live with her oldest son, Harold, and
his second wife, Stella. Henry and Catherine
moved from Fayette back to Gunnison, 3 June 1949.
One room in their new home was designated as ‘Aunt
Roxie's room!', but she never came back to live in
it. She died in Gunnison Hospital 5 Jan. 1952 and
was buried beside her husband and three infant
children in the Gunnison Cemetery. Apostle James
E. Talmage once said, 'All you can hold in your
cold, dead hands is what you have given away'. If
this be so, then Roxie's hands were full enough to
last for eternities,"

Aunt Roxie was indeed a good woman. For
most of the later part of her almost eighty years
she suffered from crippling arthritis, yet she kept
