361 Yesterday's Windows

The President of the Church, Joseph F. Smith,
and a number ofthe Apostles were down. There
is going to be a Grand Ball tonight but I do not
think I will go as Iam so weak it is hard for me

to get around, Sorensons have it that I have the
diphtheria down here and that I got it from you.

I dare not go up to Cornelias (Sorenson) anymore
as Imight give them the diphtheria (ha ha),
Edmund Sanders is down here, he said that nearly
all the flags are taken down in Gunnison. (Quaran-
tine flags for diphtheria.) It looks like storm here
now - makes me feel quite lonesome for I'm all
alone,

"Well dear, I guess if you cannot speak
above a whisper you cannot talk to me from where
you are, You must write soon and let me know
when you are going home, You must not think
that it was staying up late that made me sick, for
I think it is the warm weather. Did you have a
good time at the dance? I did not say I was out
until morning Saturday night, Did I not say Friday
night? And that was the night I was down to Broad-
bent's with you. You know I got lost there by the
grove and then got stuck in the mud and had to wait
until it was light before I could get out, Louis
bought John Wasden's place so I guess he will be
my neighbor now, I am going to stay here until
Saturday or Sunday and if I am not better by that
time I will board the train for home,

"Katie went home Saturday for the wedding
of Bell and Erick - I suppose you know Otto and
Jennette are married, Wish Iwas in Santaquin -
would make your Aunt Lizzie, as you call her,
wait a long time if she was going to wait up for
you, Well dearest, write soon and then the next
time I write you I will know for sure when Iam
going home, From your owntrue, Arthur, 333
East 5th North St, Provo, Utah. (Old David
Jones home, }'' Then Arthur added a hand drawn
sketch of a bird flying with a heart in its mouth,
on which he wrote the words ''Love to Millie. '!

Millie's and Arthur's courtship led to
marriage, Millie's sister remembers this:--
"When Arthur and Millie were married they went
to the Manti Temple, Wed. 3 Feb. 1904. Millie
