379 Destiny Takes a Hand

Elvena cannot read my letters for then it would be
her rather than you that I wrote to. Dear Aunt, if
it really should come true that you will visit us
next summer how happy we will be! We will treat
a as good as we can in every way - but cannot
cousin Elvena come with you? I think it would be
nice for you too if she did and we would look for-
ward to that very much. You write that she just
rurned twenty-two. I turned twenty-five on the
Second of April. This must be the time we cele-
orate birthdays. Tell dear, good Anders ‘hello'
ra us many times and congratulate him on his
ittle children, Wasn't it his oldest son who passed
sco fl Dear friends, if it just hadn't been so far
etween us then maybe there could have been a
POSsibility for me to visit you for l still] have a
resire to get out, really out and try and see what
Can amount to. Maybe my opportunity will come
SOmeday. Mother is well - she can do things her-
Self. Father will turn seventy-four on the first of
September, He has good health too so I should
really take the opportunity to get away now.
Cceive, all of you, the most loving greetings
from your niece and cousin - Maren Skaarup.

Tornely, Den. 17 Apt. 1909"

I "Now that mother is planning ©” writing you
would like to send along some word too. ePe, .
yOu must come next summer for sure, and coul a
Ivena come too? You say that youa re thinking fe)
rotting your son Louis have your home in Gunnison,
then I guess Elvena could come with you and you '
Could close the house you have now. Uncle Svend's
family is up here in Thy now. As you know, they
are going to live out at Thorsted. I have been
working in an embroidery Shop in Thisted for
fifteen months, I finished my apprenticeship in
January and have been working for wages since.
I shan now, this May, go to Salling High School
lay tae mmouths.ot May, June and July as a student
and to help with sewing classes at the school. The
Pay is 40 Kr. besides the tuition.

thi 'There is going to be 4 big Festi
is summer which will start in May.

val in Aarhus
It said in
