Margaret Christensen 908

When the war ended Paul took up private
medical practice, first in Manti, Utah fora year
and a half (1946-1947) and then in Delta, Utah for
the years 1947-1950. During that time a baby girl,
Marsha, was born to him and Margaret (July 1947)
in Salt Lake City. <A third son, Dennis, came to
bless their home in March 1950, and was also
born in Salt Lake City.

Soon after the Korean War broke out and
Dr. Paul rejoined the Navy. He was assigned
first to Bremmerton and then Pensacola, Flo ria,
where he took naval air training and graduated as
a Flight Surgeon. In September 195] he was sent
to the Air Station at Alameda, Calif. and his family
was permitted to join him there. It was there in
December 1951 that the couple's fifth child, Douglas,
was born, From here Paul left for overseas where
he served for eight months on board a carrier in
Korean waters (from Mar. to Nov. 1952),

After some two years in the service Paul
joined his family in California and they settled in
San Lorenzo where Paul Set up his own practice
Once again. They lived there six years, from Nov.
1952 to Nov. 1958. Then Paul decided to go into
anesthesiology and they moved to Seattle, Washing-
ton, where he took up his re Sidency at Virginia
Mason Hospital and Clinic from Jan. '59 to Jan.
'6l, Specializing. He then went with a group of
anesthetists to practice at Eden Hospital in Castro
Valley for a number of months.

In the meantime Margaret worked in Seattle
at the Seneca Summit Hospital in surgery as night
Supervisor, while working days at the Medical
Dental Hospital as head nurse, What a busy
woman she was! In Oct. 1961, when Paul was
through with his training in Seattle, he and Mar—
garet moved with their young family to Pleasanton,
Calif. and he joined the staff at the Valley Memorial
Hospital in nearby Livermore, Margaret became
employed as supervisor of the Surgical floor at
Washington Township Hospital from Apr. '62 until
June '63. She then went to work as office nurse
for a urologist from June '63 until the first part
of '64, when she took a year off from her public
labors.
