167 Tragedy

in such cases they resorted to the use of dry
manure, or "buffalo chips" as this was called.
Frequently they had to tramp long distances to

get water and sometimes they had to make "dry
camp'' where there was no water. Often they had
to cook their meals while the rain poured down in
torrents and drenched them to the skin and put out
their fires. At other times the wind blew so hard,
lifting up the loose soil and enveloping all ina
cloud of dust, that their tents fell and their food
was spiced with sand, For these Scandinavians
from the land of short distances, this was indeed
a new life and at times their energies and patience
were taxed to the utmost, They had to learn that
there were unavoidable difficulties in crossing the
plains; besides, many of them had much more
serious things to grieve them for there were many

sick and dying among them.

In making their camp the usual 'Mormon"
method of forming two half-circles with the wagons
was observed, so that a corral was made into
which the oxen would be driven to be caught and
yoked up anew each morning. Their tents were
pitched outside the enclosure, each tent opposite
the wagon to which it belonged. The oxen and such
loose stock as they had were herded during the
night by special herdsmen who had been brought
along for that purpose, but the regular night watch
in the camp was taken in turn by the emigrating
brethren, Public prayer was offered in camp every
night, in which eve rybody was supposed to partici-
pate. After the prayer, the Captain or some other
leader generally made remarks of an encouraging
and instructive nature, the essence of which was
translated into Danish for the benefit of those who
didn't yet understand English.

Thus the Abner Lowry Pioneer Company
traveled from Wyoming, across the prairies of
Nebraska, ina northwesterly direction to the
Platte River, following the so-called Oregon Trail
by way of Fort Kearney to a point near Fort
McPherson. From thence they crossed the high-
land from the South Platte to the North Platte,
reaching the latter stream at the mouth of Ash
Hollow. From here they went along the North
