751 Wendell Bartholomew

Monica Ward. I had just turned thirty-one, had
never seen the Santa Monica Ward and did not know
any of the people. When I told my wife she thought
it was a joke. However, we accepted the call and
moved to Santa Monica. I served for a month with-
out selecting my assistants in order to become
better acquainted with the people, but finally made
my selection of Counselors and, by special per-~
mission, chose one of the sisters as Ward Clerk.
It was a fine experience and we made many wonder-
ful and lasting friends. One of my first official
acts as Bishop was to perform the marriage cere-
mony for my brother Luther and his sweetheart
Velda Feterson.

"In 19.36 my company transfered: me to Long
Beach as branch manager of the office but I con-
tinued to serve as Bishop in Santa Monica for’
almost a year after, traveling back and forth for.
all meetings, rainor shine. We carried'our baby,
Bart, in the car with us and he was always smiles
day or night. I was finally released and'then called
as counselor to Bishop Henry Carlson of the Pine
View Ward in Long Beach, where I‘served until
we returned to Los Angeles in 1939. I had just
been made the regional manager bf the Century
Metalcraft Corporation over all of southern Cali-
fornia. :] gained a strong testimony of the way the
Lord blesses us if we try to serve him. 7 had been
told many times by my boss that if:'I would only:
spend less time in church work and use Sundays
for making sales I would go far with the company.
However, he was made vice-president of the com-
pany and transferred to Chicago and I-was given
his job in Los Angeles and we became one of the
leading offices in the country with more than one
hundred salesmen. When the Second World War
started President Roosevelt issued a direction
withdrawing all metals from private business use,
except by special priority. Our business, being
what was. considered a non-essential, industry,
was soon doomed, I bought and stored all the |
aluminum cooking utensils I could from the factory
in Los Angeles, but after six months of hopeful
struggle we had to announce to our sales force
that the end had come and to look for other work.
in the defense plants. |
