959 Lorraine Clark

living with the Hughes Brockbank family in Salt
Lake City and working part time. They needed a
girl and I wrote Lorraine and she came and worked
at Brockbank's for at least a year. I stayed with
her in their home until I got married (23 Oct. 1945),
Later she worked with our sister Alta at Monson's
Nursing Home. ''

When a sewing plant, the Barbizon Company,
started business in Provo, Utah in March 1946
Lorraine went to work there. But it was while
living in Salt Lake City that she met her future
husband. Alta introduced them. She was married
the day after her twentieth birthday, 15 Nov. 1947,
in Elko, Nevada to Forest Abel Craig (b. 24 Feb.
1927 in Palisade, Colorado to Forest Oscar and
Annabelle Frances Houseman Craig).

Tresia again writes:- ''Abel and Lorraine
built a small home on a piece of property his
parents owned just off Redwood Road and about
tenth South, Their daughter Kathy was born there
a year or two later. When she was about six or
seven they sold that home and bought a nice home
on 1067 Sterling Drive in the Rose Park area in
Salt Lake. Abel was a plumber and became very
successful,

"Lorraine and Kathy were very active in

_ their new ward, Lorraine sang in the ward choir
and taught Kathy's Sunday School class. She
gathered Ward Budget for years, She loved work-
ing inher yard, She sewed for herself and Kathy
and kept her looking like a princess, She was so
proud of this lovely daughter of theirs and so much
of her life was wrapped up in her,'"!

Lorraine started working at Mode O' Day in
Salt Lake City about 1949 and worked there off and
on as a seamstress for about fifteen years, She
became well liked there by both the employees and _
the management. In fact she was shown many
special favors and in her sweet, innocent way
accepted them gratefully yet perhaps with a little
pride, for she was not entirely free from vanity
like most other pretty girls. But through this,
jealousy began to rear its ugly head in the sanctity
of their home.
