947 Mabel Norma

unable to find it and, suspecting the culprit,
awakened my second daughter and. asked her where
she put it. This little girl of nine burst into tears
and pleaded with me to stop smoking because she
loved me and didn't want me to die with cancer,

She was the little one who, at the age of two, while
standing behind my shoulder as I drove to Provo,
bent down and looked into my face with all serious-
ness and said, ''We don't like cid-o-wets'. I felt
absolutely cheap, completely unworthy of the
-wonderful little souls God had given to me, and 1.
promised myself, again, that I would give up.
smoking,

"In addition to the ward teachers we were
visited regularly by members of the ward Senior...
Aaronic Committee, After considerable urging I.
accepted the invitation to accompany one of these
men as a supervisor on a San Juan River trip-with
a group of Explorer scouts. My problem in quitting
tobacco was licked during this trip. We had.also.
been invited to join a study group.at the home of
Bishop Royal K. Hunt, which we accepted, reluc-
tantly at first, but soon we began to really look
forward to our Sunday evening associations. with
the group and our lessons on the Book of Mormon,
and considered it our Sunday church meeting.

"It came time to move out of the ward
boundaries. Asa parting gesture of appreciation
for all the work our neighbors had been doing on
our behalf,’ we decided to give them a little feeling
of success for all their labors by attending church
on our last Sunday in the ward. Ieven decidéd' to
take in Priesthood meeting. Mingling with these’
fine people in these sacred surroundings brought
the realization to us of how desperately we hated
to leave them. We decided to request that our
memberships remain inthe ward. Thus began a
most rewarding association in the University Ward,
and a much better understanding of and warmer
relationship with our Heavenly Father and Jesus
Christ, We discovered that the gospel brought a
greater capacity to love each other, our children
and our neighbors, a richer and warmer associa-
tion in our home. We came to love those who were
responsible for our conversion in a way we had not
