469 Christian

brother Andrew, four months past eight, was bap-
tized the same day, and by the same Henry Jensen,
Counselor to Bishop O. C, Olsen of Mayfield.

When Chris was going on thirteen the family
sold their home in South Mayfield and moved back
to Gunnison. His father leased a farm in Christen-
burg, midway between Mayfield and Gunnison.

Here he and his boys farmed and the family lived
for anumber of summers. Christian was a great
help on the farm for he had started farming young.
Pearl tells of this:-- ''When Christian was about
six, he started to help his father on the farm. He
also herded a few sheep and cows on the flats in
Mayfield, Gunnison and later in Christenburg.

Many a day he skipped off with a smile, humming
the tunes he had heard his mother hum and sing to
him. He would carry a lunch tied up in a knapsack
on a stick over his shoulder. Most of the time this
lunch consisted of a slice or two of homemade bread
and a slice of baconor salt pork; and on his way
he'd go, never complaining. He learned very early
in life the value of thrift and industry and he learned
to love and appreciate nature and the out-of-doors."

Pearl continues;-- ''While living in Christen-
burg the Christensen children played with the Ole
Larsen children next door, Ole Larsen and Laurs
Christensen freighted together many atime. The
children would walk or ride to Gunnison each week
to Sunday School, Primary and Religion Class,
Christian became attracted to Caroline Larsen
while living there and the two became childhood
sweethearts.

"At age fourteen Christian started working
for the man from whom they had leased their farm
in Christenburg, Julius Christensen, with his sheep
and cattle; for Mr. Christensen was a large sheep-
and stock-owner as well as a land-owner. He soon
gave young Chris heavy responsibilities, for he
knew he was trustworthy. At age nineteen he was
put in charge of the sheep herds for his employer
and worked on shares, which gave Chris a chance
to put in so many sheep for himself each year.
This went on for several years.'' His brother
Albert, during some of this time, was employed
by Julius Christensen to run what was called his
