631 Arthur

‘reliable and was the 'boss' when Dad and Mother
were away. I remember the flash flood and water
running through the house in all directions and the
four of us standing on the table with fire shovels,
trying to shovel it out.

"I remember the wonderful music made by
my father and mother, Their sweet voices blended
so beautifully. Mother played the guitar and dad
the mandolin. At this time I thought there was
nothing so heavenly. Many times we were lulled
to sleep by their songs."

Both Arthur and Millie had good voices and
loved music. Arthur had sung in the Gunnison
ward choir in his younger days, along with his
older brother Louis. Millie had done some public
entertaining, along with her younger sisters, Mary
and Sylvia, when she was a girl at home. Arthur
and Millie were fine companions. Both were young
at heart and both really loved life. They had such
good times together - and how they loved to dance!
Whenever possible they attended the local dances
at Upton regularly.

Dances were held in the Upton amusement
hall on weekends. On special occasions children's
dances were held in the afternoons and then the
adults would take over and dance until dawn, usually
to music on the organ and the violin. This was not
an ordinary amusement hall but a very unique one.
It was built by the small community in 1891 and was
50 feet long 26 feet wide and 13 feet high, with
-wainscoating up from the bottom 4 feet. The
unusual thing about it was the upper walls, for on
these a local artist, Frank Clark who had joined
the LDS church in England and come to Zion in |
1863, finally settling in Upton, had painted some
outstanding murals, One side was the scene of an
Indian village, the other a landscape scene com-
plete with animals, The battleship Maine covered
one end of the hall and a steam engine pulling many
cars covered the other. It was quite a sight and
visitors came from all over the west to see this
magnificent hall and to dance init,

- Arthur and Millie themselves usually had
visitors in summers, for they were excellent
