Alma Owen 722

which he helped his father operate, but the next
winter, 1920/21, he returned to the Wyoming area
to work in the timber. This he did for two suc-
cessive winters, living with a family by the name
of Foreman, for whom he worked, By that time
his father was employed in the carpenter shop at
the Tintin Standard Mine near Dividend, Utah, and
A. Owen went to work with him and there is where
he learned his trade as a carpenter and builder.

"On 12 June 1925 he married a Goshen girl,
Anna Patricia Riley, in a civil ceremony in Salt
Lake City, Utah (She was born 1 Feb. 1902 in
Goshen, the daughter of John Theodore and Mar-
garet Halpin Riley). A. Owen and Pate, as she
was called, first lived in Goshen and he continued
work at the Tintic Mine shop, driving back and
forth. He worked here from 1922 to 1942 until he
was the oldest man there in point of service, From
1942 to 1945 he worked as a supervisor in the con-
struction of the Geneva Steel Company plant near
Provo, Utah, In the meantime he had bought a
home in Payson close to that of his parents,"'

He left Geneva and went into construction on
his own for a few years, building houses, etc. He
then joined the Davis Construction Company as
supervisor of construction and worked for that
company for many years, or until he became ill.
As A. Owen tells it, "I decided to retire due to my
poor health but I recovered and did not enjoy being
idle so went back to work again for the same com-
pany." A little later he went to work for the Rosen-
lof Construction Company. Among other things, he
has supervised the construction of numerous dis-
posal plants throughout the intermountain area and
on the coast over the years, his most recent one
being the one at his hometown of Payson, Utah.

“A, Owen retired from construction in May
of 1968. Since then he has been supervising at the
Payson disposal plant, working the equivalent of
two days a week, which is about all the law allows
for a retired person. Perhaps now he will have a
little more time to indulge some of his favorite
hobbies, He loves the great out-of-doors and to
hunt and fish. In April this year (1969) he and
Pate will visit their eldest son in Memphis,
