417 Prophecies Fulfilled

little of her before that time and might have for-
gotten as much as I have had I not been keeping a
journal while she was at our home, Although at
the time, by years she numbered thirty to my
fourteen, we shared secrets, activities and heart
pangs. Besides providing me and my friends with
home-made bread spread with thick cream and
sugar for an after school snack, she also provided
a sounding board for and a sympathetic understand-
ing of my restless teen-age fancies, as evidenced
by an entry in my journal, dated 14 June 1917:--
'Today has been another beautiful June day with its
deep blue sky and glowing sunset, We have com-
pleted our housecleaning today and are very glad
to get it over with. After the cleaning was done,
which was about 7:30 p.m., Aunt Vena and I
decided to follow the railroad track until dark, |
_ We sent after some candy and nuts and crackers,
which we wrapped ina bundle and started off,.
Saying we were going to grandma's. We went west
and then followed the long silver threads of tracks
until we thought we had gone almost four miles;
then we stopped and wished on each others bead
rings which Hale had given us. We wished on our -
bracelets and necklaces too, I wished three things
for myself and one very nice wish for Aunt Vena -
that she would soon fine a nice man for a husband..
After that, eating and jabbering away at each
other, we followed a road which we thought would
lead us into town. But the road had been flooded
over and, as I had a little hole in my shoe, I got
my foot wet. Finally we came to Main Street _
where we passed the dance hall and heard the
music, I began to pity myself because I wasn't ©
there, Aunt Vena said that we'd go home and if
Daddy wasn't there we'd get cleaned up and she'd
take me to the dance for a little while. My hair
had been in curls since Saturday and Aunt Vena
told me that it really looked awful, We fixed and
fixed but it still looked like a rat's nest and it was
black where I had curled it on the stove poker, So
we didn't go, She told me that she would help me
plan the party that we were going to have in a few
days. . . June 16, 1917 (Day of the party) We've
worked hard carrying benches, tables, victrola
and lights for the lawn. Dear Aunt Vena has
