Prophecies Fulfilled 416

brother Joseph took the Jensen family off his hands
and tried Niels Jensen out on his farm east of
Gunnison, Joseph even built the Danish relatives

a home there, which is still standing on the Keller
Christensen farm. But Niels Jensen was also a
disappointment as a farmer on Joseph's place as
well, so one of the Myrup cousins gave him a job
on his place. Lois Myrup Anderson writes some-
thing of this:-- ''A Danish cousin of our Christen-
sen's, and her husband Niels Jensen, lived in Hill
Creek, Uinta County one summer working for Uncle
Adolph Myrup. She bragged a lot about her 'wealthy
family in Denmark' and showed us pictures of their
big house there.'' The Niels Jensen family even-
tually ended up in California and seemed to like it
better there, These were among the few of grand-
father Christensen's Danish relatives to join the
Church and move to America, None of grand-
mother's relatives ever moved here or came even
to visit, as far as we know--or did any of them join
the church,

About a month after Louis and Elsie and their
families had moved to Wyoming, Albert's wife
Jennie, who had been in poor health for years,
became seriously ill and was taken to Salt Lake
City for special medical treatment, Some six
weeks later, Thur. 27 July 1916, she passed
away there and was brought back to Manti for
burial. Thus Albert, busy as Judge of the Seventh
Judicial District Court, was left without his
beloved companion and with five motherless child-
ren on his hands. Of course Laurs and Else and
others of the family did all they could at the time
to comfort and assist their bereaved loved ones,
and Elvena immediately came into her brother's
home to care for things there as best: she could.
Letters of condolence poured in from all over the
State and numbers of newspapers commented on
"Judge Christensen's great loss", Yet few could
do much to assuage the grief inthe home where
"the light had gone out'' for a time at least, Yet
"Aunt Vena'! was able to help so much with the
children then and of this one of them, Elaine,
writes:-- 'I may never be able to give Aunt Vena
credit for all she was to me when she came to live
with us after mother's death. I remember very
