Elvena 658

also lived in Goshen, Vera writes: ''The folks
rented a place in Goshen across from the George
Burraston family who were always fine neighbors
and have always been good friends ever since. Dad
finally bought a little home across the road from
mother's sister and her husband, Aunt Elsie and
Uncle Alma Bartholomew. "'

It was in Goshen that Vena gave birth to her
fourth daughter, LaFay, Sept. 1923, and it was
there in Nov. 1924 that their first son, George
Fern Clark, was born. Two years later, in Nov.
of 1926, another daughter, Lorraine, was born to
Vena and George. This was a difficult winter for
them because the children had so much sickness.
Vera writes of this: - ''The year I was in the third
grade was a tough one for us. We had measles,
mumps, chicken pox, and also scarlet fever. I had

scarlet fever and LaFay had measles at the same
time. Mother said the doctor came every day to.
see both of us but he thought I was going to die and
that LaFay would get well, but it turned out just the
opposite, for LaFay took pneumonia and passed
away 24 Feb. 1927, I remember the morning she
died. Alta and I were awake and mother wrapped
us in quilts and took us into the room where she
lay. We were under quarantine and the only one
who could leave the place was Dad, He went to
work, did our shopping and all. —

"LaFay's funeral services were held on our
lawn and they placed her casket just inside the
front door. It was the last of February and very
cold and mother sat weeping with us children all
around her wrapped up in quilts and three-and-a-
half month old Lorraine on her lap. None of us
were able to go to the cemetery because of the
quarantine, except Dad who took her to the Goshen
Cemetery and buried her, with the help of relatives
and neighbors who had gathered for the occasion, "'

One more child, a second boy named LaMar,
was born to Vena and George in Goshen, There
were happy times along with the sad times there.
Vera writes: - 'I can remember mother and dad
going to dances now and again in Goshen, They |
took me to a Valentine's dance once where the
women brought box lunches and the men drew for
