257 War Whoops

ever had, and you murdered Sam Brown for the
money he was carrying - you black devil! I will
NOT forgive you.' But to this the once dreaded
Chieftain never 'batted an eye'. A voice vote was
then taken - one grim 'NO' and the Chieftain once
known as 'The Red Marauder' was absolved from
mortal responsibility for his active belief in the
ancient law 'an eye for an eye and a tooth for a
tooth",

It has been said that at his best Black Hawk
was a fine looking Chief, his appearance being
different from that of the other chiefs. He was
tall and wore long feathers. His nose was long
and he wore a small moustache and looked as if
he had Jewish blood in him. He also had three
nice looking squaws. But Black Hawk was not at
his best physically during the last years of his
life, It must be remembered that he had been
wounded in battle in 1866 and that tuberculosis
had set in sometime after and was taking its toll.
He knew that it wouldn't be too long before he
would be going home to die, and before the end
came he desired to be at peace with the pale
faces, The proud Black Hawk's repentance may
have been brought about by his weakening condi-
tion, but on the other hand it may have been forced |
by mental anguish, As he began losing his health
and strength, the once powerful Indian must have
recalled again and again a long- gone meeting with
the "Great White Chief'' Brigham Young, to which
he had been summoned in an attempt to get him to
walk the ways of peace. In surly contempt he had
paid the Mormon leader no heed, even after he had
leveled his finger at him and uttered these prophetic
words:-- "If you continue to shed the blood of
Mormons you shall wither and die !"'

No one can tell the exact date that Black
Hawk went home to his wigwam and gave up his
life to join his fathers and the Great Spirit ina
better land, Nor can anyone now living tell just
when he was buried in his Spring Lake Villa south
of Payson in Utah County. But before he died he
became a living skeleton, having wasted away to
almost nothing. He knew it was because he had
killed the white men. That he was a red man of
