935 Mabel Norma

this icy treatment and even those who survived
that ordeal never felt quite at ease in our home.
This was a situation I vowed I would ease if I
ever had a home of my own,

"T experienced a rude awakening in my transi-
tion from a 'mighty high school senior' in a small
town to a lowly freshman at BYU. The summer
after my freshman year Father, Elaine and I
accompanied my future sister-in-law, Gwen, to
New Orleans, where she and Phil were married.
That trip was really alark, Even my knocking a
cow over on a lonely Louisiana highway didn't
dampen our spirits much, since poor Bossy was
able to struggle to her feet again and merely gave
us a resentful stare. Elaine's keepsakes to take
back to her children were hilarious, I still
remember her lowering a bottle on a string down
into the Mississippi River for some real muddy
Mississippi water and her chipping off some stone
from a tomb to show and tell, .

"The Pearl Harbor attack the next December
started many decided changes in our lives. Both
Phil and Cullen were frozen to their jobs with the
F,B.I, and the following summer I started working
for the military at Fort Douglas. I loved my new-
found independence, I had never been happier.
Every day was a new adventure, Sometime during
that period I received my patriarchal blessing in
which I was counseled to return to school and
finish my education, So when Father also. started
urging my return I agreed to enroll spring quarter,
1943. It was hard to settle down to studying at BYU
again and I missed my friends and activities in Salt
Lake City. In answer to my pleas to return to the
University of Utah the next fall, Father agreed on
condition that I help him in the office that summer,
since he had lost his good secretary and was in
desperate need. That was a bargain! :

''Poor Dad! My stenographic training con-
sisted of three quarters of shorthand and one of
typing. But his patience was endless, and working
with him that summer was truly a wonderful exper-
ience. I came to love and enjoy him as a real
friend as well as a father. I began to see what a
great man he really was. I couldn't believe his
