283 Brown Kit

and turning a number away who had sought her
assistance, But there was something about Else
K. Christensen that so impressed her that she
could not say her nay (nej), Somehow the favored
Else came to an agreement with Sister Olsen and
it is quite probable that she was allowed to work
for the aged woman in return for her lodgings and
training. On the flyleaf of a medium sized hard
backed journal the next day, Else wrote, with
scratch pen and purple ink, the following in
Danish (translated):--''Beginning the 12 May with
my understudying from Sister N, Olsen. Salt Lake
City 1879,"'

Else stayed at the home of Mrs, Olsen, who
spent practically all of her available time for the
next month training this eager and capable woman
in medical skills. They had no language problem,
as each was well versed in Danish, nor were there
any personality or other problems to stand in the
way of learning. Else had remarkable power to
grasp and remember the things she heard; thus
she gained rapidly a comprehensive knowledge of
obstetrics and the general practice of medicine.
Furthermore, Sister Olsen gave her a number of
her medical books and dictated various methods
and treatments, remedy recipes and directions
which Else copied neatly into her journal in Danish.
Her training also included some practical exper-
ience, for she delivered at least one child in the |
process, This item was written in hér journal: --
"Br, Smith, S, L. C. en datter den 9 June 1879,"!
(From then on for the next fourteen years she
recorded the father's name, and sex and date of.
birth of hundreds of other babies’she ushered into
the world. )

When the generous Danish lady had taught.
her student all she herself had learned in her
medical studies in Copenhagen, besides much she
had acquired throughout years of. practice, the
period of intensive training was ended and Else
was ready to return home to her husband and
children, as well as to begin her new career,

But first she purchased some tools-of-the-trade
as it were, which included, among other smaller
items, a blood-letting knife, Likely some whiskey
