Wendell Bartholomew 750
the privilege of being his first district president.

"When I returned home our family was having
financial problems. Finances for both Sheldon and
my missions had been mostly earned by mother
from sewing burial clothes in partnership with
another sister of the Ward. Her sacrifices and
labor will always be remembered with gratitude
and love. This was March 1928 and I left shortly
after for Los Angeles, Calif. to help father with
his mining projects. These ventures were not |
successful and in June 1929 I returned to Salt Lake
to marry Ann and then moved with her back to

Los Angeles, where we began Keeping house in a
small apartment on Portland street.

"Iwas unable to support a wife working for
Father and soon set out on my own, I got a job
selling Christmas cards until the holidays ended
and then tried selling real estate. I did fairly well
but was unhappy with the people for whom I worked
and finally got a job with the Standard Oil Company
as a fireman at their El Segundo plant. I remained
with Standard Oil for most of a year, receiving
some promotion and saving some money, but the
depression of 1929-1933 had already hurt the oil
business and Standard suddenly laid off 2500 men,
including myself. By searching the papers I found
a selling job with the Club Aluminum Co, .demon-
strating and selling cooking utensils.

"T began to realize that Iwas not paying my
‘tithing. Money from commissions came in a few
dollars at a time and was spent as it was received,

I placed a small canvas banksack in the pocket of.
the car and if I earned ten dollars, one dollar went
into the sack. At the end of the week I would pay
the money to the Bishop. From that time forward
we began to prosper and receive guidance and bless-
ings. All during the depression years we had work
-and an income,

"I was called to be Superintendent of the
Wilshire Ward Sunday School, which at the time
was the largest Ward in the church, with over 3200
members, After a year Iwas called into the office
of President Cannon of the Los Angeles Stake and
told that Ihad been chosen as Bishop of the Santa
