609 Louis

afterwards to labor in Colorado. However, due to
the serious illness of his wife, who was expecting
their first child, he was soon called home and
given an honorable release in order to help take
care of her. Florence began to mend and their
little daughter, Florence LaFaun, arrived safely
and well, 12 Dec. 1901 in Fayette.

Within a short time Louis had made arrange-
ments to move his family to Gunnison. His brother
Arthur, ina letter to his sweetheart Millie, dated
17 Feb. 1902, stated: ''Louis bought John Wasden's
place so I guess he will be my neighbor now." The
John Wasden place was across the road south and
a few doors to the east of Laurs' and Else's home
in northwest Gunnison, and here is where Louis
and his family settled for the next few years. This
must have been a wise thing to do since Louis was
‘working for his brother Chris at the time and gone
SO much with the sheep. His parents could look
Out for his little family.

Louis worked for several years as a herder
for his brother C. I, and was for a time in charge
of the sheep grazing territory in Twelve Mile Can-
yon and surrounding grazing areas. Then in about
1907 he took over operation ofa ranch by the Sevier
River, west of Gunnison, which his brother Albert
had purchased, and moved his family, now enlarged
by the addition of two sons, into the poorly equipped
farm house that place afforded. Rex was the baby
then and rather sickly. Florence had many worries
being so far away from a doctor with him.

In the meantime Arthur had married and had
80ne into the sheep business with Albert and Louis
worked for them with the sheep when he was not.
tied with the ranch, which he managed for a couple
of years, He and Arthur took care of the herds on
the west desert during the winters.

The first of the year 1909 Louis' parents
decided to move to Manti where they could be near
the temple. They were also planning a trip back
to Old Denmark to see their relatives and search
Out more of their genealogy. They suggested that
Louis buy their home in Gunnison. After having
had the sad experience of losing their fourth child,
