Emma 598

Some said her's was a 'marked place’. She asked
a hobo who called one day if this was so and how
her place was 'marked'. 'This', he said, 'I cannot
reveal - but it is true',

"Emma was not only kind to people and even
strangers but she was kind to animals. She became
very attached to the cows, pigs and horses on their
ranch, At one time her brother Albert was in need
of a good milch cow for the foreman of his Gunnison
ranch and asked Charles to sell himone. Charles
consented. When the foreman came to take ‘old
Bossy' away, Emma was intears. And she wept
for quite a while afterwards, as if she really loved
that old cow. She was very tender hearted when it
came to their animals. The animals on the farm
seemed to reciprocate.

"Emma was active in all of the auxiliaries of
the church at one time or another, being most
prominent in the MIA. Inthe YLMIA organization
she served as a counselor in the Ward and later as
president. She was a Relief Society teacher and
then served as first counselor to the ward Relief
Society president, Mrs, Hyrum Fredrickson, and
later as second counselor to President Lena Madsen
in the same organization. Before such occasions
as Thanksgivings, Christmases, after bazaars,
etc., it became her duty and privilege to take her
horse and buggy and help deliver the gifts of food
and kind remembrances to the worthy families of
her particular ward. Many have testified that she
was indeed a virtuous and noble woman. This was
indeed a great heritage to leave to her children and
grandchildren.

"Mainly she lived a life of joy and happiness
and her labors were labors of love. She made ita
point to go with her family for at least two visits to
Wyoming while Aunt Elsie, Uncle Lou, Aunt Vena
and families and some of Uncle Chris! family lived
on the ranch at 'The Oasis'. Later, when Elsie
and Vena and families moved to Goshen, Emma
made numerous visits to them there. She spoke
in most endearing terms of her brothers and sisters
and loved ones - it was always ‘dear sister Elsie
or Vena; dear brother Chris, Andrew, Joseph,
Albert, Louis or Arthur; dear father, dear mother,
