589 Elsie

developed an implicit faith in the power of prayer
and felt that he knew his Heavenly Father would
answer the prayers of those who asked in faith.
He said, ‘In my childish way I prayed about little
things that would have seemed foolish to some but
were a joy to me because I felt that I was being

heard and my little prayers answered. '

"His father was a farmer and a stockman and
did some carpenter work, especially in the winter,
As a young man he had had an accident and had his
right knee thrown out of place, which proved to be
a handicap to him the rest of his life. Alma, being
the oldest boy at home much of the time, had most
of the responsibility and care of the stock, such as
driving them to the range and gathering them in the
fall. He learned to know each by name."' Alma
tells of some incidents which stood out in his
memory:-- ''In the month of August when I was
thirteen, another milch cow was needed so it was
decided that I should go to the summer range and
get ‘Old Spotty' as they were sure she had freshened
by that time. The day I was to go, mother was up
before daylight to prepare my breakfast and lunch,
as it would be a long hard day for me. I was up as
soon as I heard mother in the kitchen. Father got
Prince, my favorite pony, saddled and a feed of
oats for his lunch securely tied to the saddle.
Father gave me my instructions and mother kissed
me goodby and her last words were, 'God bless
and protect you dear.’ I was soon merrily on my
way and in about two hours was in the canyon where
the cattle were. As father had directed, I went to
all the water holes - but without success. I stopped
at one of the springs long enough to eat lunch and
rest my pony and-feed him his oats. About four
o'clock in the afternoon, as near as I could guess,
I had been to every place I thought the cow could
be. So I decided I had better start for home if I
expected to be there by dark. I traveled two or
three miles towards home with a sad feeling,
knowing how unhappy mother would be that I had
failed. I hada feeling that my Heavenly Father
could help me if I would ask him. So I stopped my
horse and tied him to a tree and went a little
distance down under a pine tree, and prayed for
help. As I finished my humble prayer an impression
