Gunnison Valley 240

was a year and ten months, Laurs 22} and Else,
just short of 23, had two year old Christian and
seven month old Anders to keep contented. Then
there were the three girls who were growing up

indeed, for Pauline was a young lady of nearly 15,
Petrine almost 11 and Nielsine (Sena) 74,

From Manti around the Red Point and past
Warm Springs to Six Mile, then on to Nine Mile,
from thence they continued south, turning west
before reaching the mouth of Twelve Mile Creek
where it joined the Sanpitch River, Then they
wended their way across the meadow road follow-
ing the course of the Sanpitch as it ran to meet the
Sevier River west of Gunnison. Long chains of
high hills watched in the distance, craggy crimson
peaks jutting sharply at intervals. To the east,
towering above the nearby White Hills, were the
majestic Wasatch Mountains, Far to the west,
lofty blue mountains made a backdrop for grey
hills while nearby, a little to the south, stood
Chalk Hill with its varying shades of beige, buff
and yellow. On all sides were expanses of sage
and rabbit brush, denoting the fe rtility of the soil.
So the Christensens and Myrups came to the little
town of Gunnison prepared to sink their roots in

the valley and make the most of their inheritance
in their ''Promised Land",

Gunnison, first settled in 1859, was named
in memory of‘a wonderful friend of the Mormons,
Captain John William Gunnison, U. S, topographi-
cal engineer, who was killed by Indians near the
Sevier Lake in 1853, Captain Gunnison once wrote
his observations of the Great Basin and its inhabi-
tants in expressions such as the following: -- ‘In
these contiguous vales are the gardens of the moun-
tains, located in that remarkable depression styled
the Great Basin - out of which no water flows .

The atmosphere is light and breathing is a real
luxury. From the kanyons the breezes at night
are ever fresh and Strong. . . The cheerful,
happy faces and the strains of music pouring

forth from merry hearts, give an impression of a
happy society. , . The ascending sun salutes, and
descending bids a short farewell each day, kissing
the snow-capt brow of the lofty peeks that look so
