Wyoming Interlude 434

the fear of the families living on the Oasis, If

one was in danger they ali were. LaFaun, then
nearly sixteen, remembers taking her turn stand-
ing guard with a gun at nights, Edith, Elsie's
oldest daughter, recalls how her two older
brothers, A, Owen and Edgar, used to stand guard
at their place at nights and how even her dear
mother stood outside with a gun, taking her turn
at guarding, night after night. She remembers,
during those frightening times, that as soon as it
was dark all the lamps would be put out and she
and her younger sister Ellamae would be put to
bed and told to stay there and not get up and run
around under any conditions, or ''the mean men
would come and burn the house down!" - ''Firebugs"!
was what they called them. On the other hand,

A. Owen, then a brave lad of fifteen and man of the
house, now remembers that he thought the whole
thing was more or less ''much ado about nothing"!
at the time.

Thus a week went by on The Oasis and Sun-
day, September 30, 1917 came around, Chris, who
went back and forth between the herds, the ranches
and his home in Salt Lake City, was not there but
Pearl and Roy were there living in Pearl's house
and had been helping with the harvest. But let
Pearl tell of it:-- 'The harvest was over, the land
cleared of alfalfa, grain, oats, wheat and lucerne
seed; the potatoes had been harvested - we raised
lots of potatoes for the company. Five huge stacks
of hay were piled in our yard, as well as large
stacks of oats, wheat and alfalfa seed waiting for
the threshers, It was a quiet Sunday evening the
last of September, about 8 o'clock, Supper was
over, the dishes done, and Roy and I were sitting
reading. All at once I looked up to see everything
so bright and said, 'Oh, what's that bright light -
it looks like the sun coming up!' We rushed to the
door and opened it and looking out saw everything
in the yard ablaze! The stacks were on fire about
50 ft. from the house, Horses were screaming,
pigs squealing and chickens clacking. We ran out
and started fighting fire, Idrew water from the
well and Roy threw it onthe barn, It seemed only
minutes until Aunt Elsie's boys and Uncle Lou
were there and with their help we got the four
