Alta Clark 916

money of my own. Money was so scarce at home
and we had a big family. Up until this time I had
worked around a little doing odd jobs after school
and Saturdays and picked berries on Provo Bench
(Orem) for Parks in summer and in the beans in

the fall - anywhere to make a little cash.

"Then about 1938/39 I went to Salt Lake City
and got jobs doing housework for various families.
I returned home for awhile during 1942 but later
returned to Salt Lake and continued doing the same
kind of work there until about 1947. Then I started
sewing for a living and went to work for the Holly-
wood Corset Company, making lingerie, etc. 1
worked for them for nine years, or until about 1956
when they were forced to close up. Then I gota
job sewing for the Osborn Manuf
in Salt Lake where they make P
coats, etc,

kinds,

acturing Company
endleton shirts,

» and other name-brand clothing of all
Iam still working here at present.

"On 11 June 1955 in Elko, Nevada I married
John Francis Ison (b. 12 Apr. 1921 in Salt Lake
City to Jerry C. and Eliza Robinson Ison). We
met through friends and he was a roofer by trade.
After many years we separated by mutual consent,
although we are not divorced and still see each other
occasionally. Ihave one son, Terry Thomas, who
has served his turn in the army and is now married
and living in Santaquin. He married a divorcee
with two young children, David and Debbie Rich,
whom he has not yet officially adopted but is raising:

"I love a friendly game ofcards, Besides
Pinochle, my main hobbies are sewing, hand work
and especially bowling. I belong to the Osborn
Bowling team and in 1965 1 won two trophies, one
for my individual high game of 253, at which time
they put my picture ina Salt Lake paper, and the
other a team trophy. Ihave lived around in
various rented apartments since moving to Salt
Lake City but now rent One part of a duplex at
482 - 4th Ave., where Iam very comfortable. "'

Alta's niece Karen says she is a very "fussy"
housekeeper and a beautiful seamstress. We find
her to have many of her mothers' fine character-
istics, So sweet, loving, pleasant, good natured
