547 Albert

rising up from the immense amphitheater below,

as the great John Phillip Susa's band gave a stirring
concert. We heard Utah's own Emma Lucy Gates
sing the Star Spangled Banner on ''Utah Day" (July
24) at the Fair, It was on this trip we caught our
first sight of the Pacific Ocean and witnessed our
first and only traditional bull fight in Tijuana,
Mexico.

A happy childhood is like a radiant jewel
sparkling on the more somber chain of life - its
beauty never dims, This was one of our priceless
legacies. During those years, father was our hero,
our protector, our Knight in shining armor. We
never found cause to fear him nor to doubt him,
for he truly loved us, Our home was a sanctuary
of joy and peace, where laughter, story telling and
music played a big part.

Father and mother had some choice friends
in Manti during those years - Hattie and Chris
Axelson, May and Haze Clark, Eloise and E. D.
Sorenson, Delphia and Quince Crawford, Millie
and Halburt Kerr, Alice and Dilworth Wooley,
Kate and Warren Snow - the L. R. Andersons,

J. H, Hornungs, Ray P. Dyrengs, E, T. Reids,
Ellis E, Johnsons, Frank Alders ~- I'm sure I have
missed some. Most of the ladies belonged to the
Manti Literary Club and the men to the Commer-
cial Club. Their most intimate friends joined
them in a '500 Club’. They had wonderful times
together,

But there are varieties to living and happiness
does not always endure, In the early evening of
Monday, 27 July 1916, in the Covey Apartments
in Salt Lake City, five people surrounded the bed-
side of Jennie Christensen - her life had just
ebbed away. Her aging father, Joseph Snow, stood
on the right, with stooped shoulders and eyes cast
down in grief. Her sister, Retta Neff, knelt beside
him shaken with sobbing. Father stood on the left,
bending close to the pillow where mother lay. I
knew his heart was breaking but he did not weep -
outwardly. I stood near him and held her limp,
outstretched hand in both of mine; somehow my
fear of death vanished at that moment. Then father
rose and put one arm around me - ''We must go on
