571 Albert

The next winter she taught fifth and sixth grades
in the Farmington District school and then went to
Summer school at the Utah State Agricultural
College in Logan,

The fall of 1906 Myrtle went to Manti to
teach and taught there three successive winters,
teaching fifth grade, first grade and seventh grade
inturn, It was here she first met the lawyer A. H.
Christensen, who was a member of the Board of
Trustees of the Manti High School and closely asso-
ciated with her brother-in-law, Edgar T, Reid.
But she thought nothing of it at the time. She
spent the three alternate summers in summer
school, the first at the A. C. and the next two
at the U. of U. She then returned to her home
town of Beaver where she taught the fourth grade
that winter,

For quite a while a desire had been growing
within her to learn more about sewing. It was
impossible to buy well-fitting, properly styled
dresses in most towns in Utah. Women had to
depend on their own untrained abilities or on the
services of expensive, busy and mostly poorly-
trained dressmakers, Myrtle believed if women
could be taught to make their own clothes skillfully
that this would add a great deal to their lives. So
she stayed at home in Beaver the following year,
taking a correspondence course from the 'Brown's
School of Sewing" of Salt Lake City during the
summer and fall and doing a great deal of pro-
fessional sewing during the winter.

But again, she may have stayed home that.
winter mainly because of a very serious matri-
monial decision she was required to make, Sewing
gave her more time to think than teaching. She
finally decided against marrying at that time be-
cause of a difference in religious ideals. This
was only one of several such decisions she had to
make over the next few years however, for besides
being so well trained she was excellent company,
very popular, and a beautiful woman, all in all,
She was much sought after, even by a certain poly-
gamist whose proposal of marriage she turned down
with much distaste, She allowed herself to become
engaged twice - but broke those engagements, It
