Kobbe rod 142

Her husband had taken little stock in the affair to
begin with, but made no objection to the Elders
coming if she wished it, though he knew somewhat
of the reputation of the Mormons. He was one to
pamper his wife, and besides he trusted Karen's
judgment,

On their next visit the Elders brought with
them the ''new Bible" or Book of Mormon, and left
it with her. She had started to read then and hardly
put the book down for days until she had read it
through. Her soul burned with a knowledge of the
truth of it, as she poured over its pages, and she
rejoiced, There was one section in the last of the
book that astonished her perhaps more than any
other and she re-read it carefully, over and over:--
Moroni 8:11-21 ",..little children need no repent-
ance, neither baptism...'' (She skipped some here
and there.) ''Behold I say unto you, that he that
supposeth that little children need baptism is in
the gall of bitterness and in the bonds of iniquity...
For awful is the wickedness to suppose that God
saveth one child because of baptism, and the other
must perish because he has no baptism. Little
children cannot repent... And he that saith that
little children need baptism denieth the mercies
of Christ... Woe unto such, for they are in danger
of death, hell and an endless torment. I speak it
boldly; God hath commanded me -- listen -- and
give heed...'' As Karen read these things she
cried out with happiness, "Our little Niels ~- the

priest was wrong - wrong!"' And she knew it
fully then.

It had taken only a few more visits and dis-
cussions with the Elders until Karen had known she
was ready for baptism by immersion, as the Lord
had commanded. However, though she pressed
them for it then eagerly, the missionaries had no
desire to break up that lovely family with a lone
baptism; so, as the weeks passed, they began
more and more to involve the whole Christensen
family in their cottage meetings, with Karen's
help. All except the son Christen finally came
around to listen and discuss, but he would have
nothing at all to do with any ''Mormons!"'' The
daughter Maren soon became deeply impressed
