789 Sheldon Bartholomew

cried as I held the watch, knowing that as long as
it ticked a last bit of Father's tremendous energy
still remained, Whether he really died of a
broken heart or was mercifully taken in illness,
Ido not know. But of one thing I am certain -
there still remained an unsubdued determination
and dignity about him to the end. . . He possessed
the marked tendency to deny himself in his valiant
effort at reaching for the stars,"!

One time, when a group of us Christensen
cousins had met to discuss the writing of family
histories, Sheldon, among them, brought out the
point that he thought the bad should be mentioned
along with the good, and then he said something to
this effect, "If, after Idie, someone writes my
history and 'flowers' it all up - I'll come back and
haunt them !'' Now we have no fear of the dead
returning on such missions, but to arouse the ire
of the living is a problem we do not wish to encoun-
ter. It is thus with humility and some trembling
that we present this skeleton sketch of Sheldon,
who terms himself ''something of a nut''. We hope
that someday he will find time to ''breathe the
breath of life'' into a worthy history of his own.
Until then, however, he has left this testimony: --
"God has been kind to me. I have been blessed
and preserved, Iam grateful for the Gospel of
Jesus Christ and membership in His church. I
am cognizant of a wonderful heritage, wife, family,
brothers and sisters, etc,, etc. , . Each year life
becomes more fascinating. Times have changed
since I was a boy, but I still love cooking over an
open fire and eating out of the fry pan,"'

Descendants of Sheldon Bartholomew
Christensen and Mary Urie Pratt:

(A) Neil Pratt Christensen born 4 May 1931 in
Salt Lake City, Utah; md. 6 Sep. 1956 in Salt
Lake City (Temple) LaVerle Sorensen (b. 21
Mar. 1937, Salt Lake City to Edward Heber
and Minnie Louise Brinkman Sorenson),
Children:
I, Charlene Christensen b, 16 Sep. 1961, S.L.C.
II, David Neil Christensen b. 27 June 1969,
Salt Lake City.
