Louis 610

a baby son Spencer, in May of 1908, Louis and
Florence must have been grateful for the opportunity
to move into the comfortable rock house in which
Louis had grown to manhood, and accepted eagerly.
The old Gunnison Ward records list Laurs and Else
Christensen's membership as having been trans-
ferred from Gunnison to Manti in early February
1909, so it must have been about that time that
Louis moved his family into the old home. It was
here their next three children were born,

Louis continued to work with Arthur with the
sheep, wintering on the.west desert and in Twelve
Mile Canyon for the summer months, They lambed
their sheep on Cedar Mt., east of Salina. It was
on Cedar Mt. that Louis was taken seriously ill,
Arthur's brother-in-law, Bert Gledhill, tells of
this: "Iwas with Lou on Cedar Mt, when he had a

stroke. I rode to Gunnison that night for help and
Lou was taken to town. Jake Sorensen from Manti
came down with us. If I remember correctly this
was in July 1910. Louis had become very heavy
and had high blood pressure. He was ill for quite
a while after that." —

Arthur and Albert turned their sheep i into the
Bennion Livestock Company later that same sum-
mer, and they. were driven up into the Weber River
area-in northeastern Utah, where their brother
Chris then had his interests in connection with the
Bennion Livestock Company, of which he was co-
owner and general manager. Back on his feet |
again, Louis was given employment by his brother
Chris with the same company. December 1913
found him with a herd of sheep near Lyman, Wyo-
ming, which area was to play so great a part in the
remainder of his life. He took up 640 acres of
homestead land not far from Lyman in January
1915, close to some property owned by his brother
Chris, His sister Elsie Bartholomew homesteaded
some land near his at the same time, as did his
brother Chris' oldest daughter Pearl. Later his
brother Andrew and his sister Elvena also took up
some land in the same vicinity and the entire acre-
age owned by the Christensens came to be known
by them as ''The Oasis",

Louis moved his family from Gunnison to
