247 Gunnison Valley

four months, and seven month old Joseph? 'Tis
most likely that they did and also that they were
accompanied by a number of other wagon loads

of Saints, since it was still not considered entirely
safe to travel alone or ina small group, for fear
of Indians,

The main purpose of this trip, as far as
Laurs and Else were concerned, was to enjoy the
great privilege of going to the Salt Lake Endowment
House and being sealed as man and wife for time
and all eternity... This sacred event took place —
30 Oct. 1871. There in Salt Lake City just prior
to this, or on 28 Oct,, Laurs was ordained an
Elder in the LDS Church, No sealings of children
to parents could be rightly performed until temples
were prepared in Utah to take care of those and
other holy ordinances, After having been sealed
in the Endowment House Else and Laurs, if they
remained true to the covenants made at that time,
would be considered worthy to partake of other
blessings in the House of the Lord, when one
should be provided, such as having their three
first born sealed to them for all eternity and also
to have the holy ordinances of baptism, endowment
and sealing done for their dead relatives,

Else must have been forcefully reminded of
this latter obligation when she received word of
her mother's death sometime after it occurred,
Mette Kirstine Christensdatter (Hvid) died Il
July 1872 in Norhaa, Thisted, Denmark at the.
age of 61 yrs. 3 mo. and 8 days. However, there
is some indication that correspondence and com-
munication between her and her loved ones in the
old country was not carried on regularly, in fact
hardly at all, until many years after her mother's
passing, Else's heart must have yearned to see’
her father and comfort him then, but she was
helpless to go. Surely though she wrote her
family words of love and consolation - and wept ©
betimes in longing to be near them in their
mutual sorrow,

In that year of 1872 another uprising of
Indians threatened, particularly in Sanpete.
Several Utah Indian Chieftains were taken to
Washington, D. C, to meet with United States
