531 Joseph

1927, and then there were just the three boys left;
Virgil 18, Marvin 153, and Don 10; In early
November of 1928 Roxie went to Fayette to help
her brother Henry put up his fruit, his wife Ireta
having passed away late that summer leaving him
alone with three small sons to care for; Homer 7,
Keith 5 and John 35. She never went back to Rocky
Point to live long. Soon she began to bring her
chickens and barnyard animals and her household
goods back to the old homestead and the Old Rock
House she had watched and helped her father build
in her childhood, She moved in with her brother
Henry and his boys, who then occupied the old
place,"

Don tells something of this move:-- ''Some-
time after father's death we moved from our Rocky
Point home to Fayette, Utah, a distance of about
six miles. Uncle Henry had lost his wife and been
left with three young sons, He invited mother and
her family to come and live with him, they being
brother and sister, and she accepted. I recall
that my job in the moving was to take a horse and
drive our milch cow, 'Old Jerse', to our new
home, To me at the time it seemed a great
adventure and undertaking to set forth alone below
the foothills of Fayette.

"The arrangement to combine families worked
out with little friction and with great benefit to all
concerned, Mother soon became 'Aunt Roxie! to
her nephews, as well as all the other children in
town; and Uncle Henry, with his gentleness and
patience, became a second father to me.'"' Ruth
Ellen adds:-- ''Mother took her three youngest
boys and went to help Uncle Henry raise his three
motherless sons, She stayed with him twenty years;
it was the most beautiful brother-sister relationship
Ihave ever seen. She became 'Aunt Roxie! to
everyone in Fayette - she had so much love to give !"'

Catherine continues her history:-- ''Roxie
made many people happy with presents of Danish
dumplings, Danish meatballs or Danish sweet-
soup, which she undoubtedly learned to make from
her Danish mother-in-law, Else, She could cook
mutton to a 'queen's taste', Many of her friends
would say, 'We don't like mutton', but after a meal
