Andrew 490

with high honors in the class of 1901. Returning
with his family to Utah, he received a call to head
the Church Academy at St. George. This was the
forerunner of Dixie College. He remained in the
school at St. George for two or three years and
then located his family in Provo. Sometime
following the birth of their third child, Wendell,
most likely the spring of 1904, Andrew left for
some advanced study in Germany. While in
Europe he visited his father's and mother's rela-
tives in Denmark. His studies in Germany, how-
ever, were interrupted prematurely by the death,
in Provo, of his eldest son, Adelbert, December
1904, Andrew withdrew from school and hurried
back home to comfort his wife and family.

Edythe continues: 'Andrew's advanced study
paid off. He was given the principalship, plus a
teaching post, at the Latter-day High School in Salt
Lake City. Dreams were being realized. He signed
on some excellent teachers, He was a tremendous
organizer and his schools ran smoothly, He was
also a forceful, gifted speaker and made many talks
in the Wards and Stakes throughout the valley in the
interest of increased enrollment, He radiated a
magnetic presence, a retentive memory, imagina-
tion, drive and purpose.

"Tt was when we first lived in Salt Lake that
brother Sheldon was born, and three years later
my first sister, Elsie Eliza, Father purchased a
home on a large corner lot at the juncture of 27th
South 9th East. The home was nice to look at, built
of red brick in a compact, artistic form. Sections
of the front window were of stained glass, forming
abay. The rooms were lovely with their richly
embossed wallpaper of wine-red, gold and blue.
There was an upper floor with bedrooms; but best
of all, a long combination storage and playroom,
Here stood the trunk that contained many of mother's
once-used dresses, including her white organdy
wedding gown plus the dainty, French kid slippers
with seed-pearl-studded bows, French heels and
pointed toes.

"These were fruitful, happy times. There
was always so much to do or investigate or con-
struct. There were the annual trips to our
