Brown Kit 302

Sore feverish throats were swabbed with alcohol
and blue vitriol in an effort to combat the dread
bacillus. Most all homes were visited by death.
Fatality among the children was exceedingly great,
sometimes three or four from a family. Some
adults also fell prey to this fearful malady, In
North Mayfield, during one of these epidemics,
five of the seven children of Simon and Martha
Hansen (she who had been the first teacher in the
United Order there) died of diphtheria within one
week, Three of them were buried in the same
grave, In Gunnison, children of the Ole H. and
Inger Hansen family, who had recently moved
from Christenburg, into a lovely new winter home
there, contracted this ravaging sickness and two
of them, Peter and Hanner, died of it that year.
Mixed feelings of fear and compassion filled the
hearts of the people as diphtheria spread from
home to home. The ref flag of warning on so many
gate posts, all too often became a symbol of death,

Else K, Christensen was on the go during
that dreadful time. History has failed to record
the extent of her efforts, to this point, but merely
noted:-- ''Mrs., Elsie (Else) Christensen is said
to have had 'great success' and Parlan McFarlane,
although not a doctor, was quite successful in:
treating the disease," It has often been quoted
that ''Fools rush in where angels fear to tread",

In the case of the doctress Else K, this could be
applied a little differently; for here was one home-
spun angel of mercy who pushed resolutely forward
into many stricken homes where most others feared
to go - Saving a life here - giving hope and comfort
there - and leaving her benediction of service and
love wherever she went, Did she fear for her life
and those of her own children? Of course she did!
But she knew it was her duty and her destiny to
become involved, come what might. She must have
had great dedication and courage and still greater
faith, That none of her own family were afflicted
at this time seemed proof of the approbation of the
kind Heavenly Father to whom she so often and
fervently prayed,

Whether it was for some contagion, sore
affliction, pestering complaint, or for the
