Norhaa 76

farm animals, etc., and also sports competition.
The Danes in general were great admirers of ath-
letic ability and both boys and girls were given
gymnastic training. Religious study was had too,
and catechisms were a regular part of the school
program. Each Danish child was to attend school
until age 12 or 14 unless circumstances dictated
otherwise, which was sometimes the case among

the poorer peasant families, The winter nearest

to a child's fourteenth birthday (before or after) he
or she was sent twice a week, for the full six months,
to the Priest's house or Parsonage near the school,
to be taught the fundamentals of the Lutheran Church
by the Priest himself. This was in preparation for
his or her first communion and confirmation. These
important occasions were nearly always held at the
close of the school year in April and looked forward
to with great anticipation by every Danish child; for
after Confirmation one was considered to be an
"adult", as it were, and allowed adult privileges,
Young Christen had joined his mother's family in
time for school that fall, for he would be 14 the

following March and in line for confirmation in
April,

Old Karen was feeble now and had taken to
her bed, but Mette cared for Ander's mother
tenderly, in spite of the new baby and all. This
was an obligation willingly assumed by all upright
Danes; to care well for their aged progenitors and
show them love and give them thanks while there
yet remained the time for giving ~- thanks for the
fact that. through them they themselves now lived
and knew the boundless joy there was in living!
This one characteristic alone set the Danish above
people of many other lands; kinship and heredity
were sacred and important to them. January 26th
1853 old Karen passed on, she would have had her
80th festival in less than two more months, for she
was born 12 April 1773, Her grandchildren were
sad at the loss of dear Bedstem¢dder, for she was
kind to them and had been in the home from their
first memories. Anders was sorely grieved,
though perhaps it was better than a long suffering;
but he knew so little of what was held out for her
on the other side of the grave, Would he ever see
her again? He longed to take her corpse to the
