Prophecies Fulfilled 410

that the gentle Emma's children needed a little
discipline,

Cousin Ivy remembers that after they moved
to Salt Lake City grandma and grandpa always
came up for General and Semi-Annual Conferences
and stayed at their place. She remembers her bed-
room was next to theirs and she could never go to
sleep early when they were there in October for
they would lie in bed and talk about politics -
always politics - until way into the night. Since
grandmother was somewhat deaf in her later years,
she talked quite loud then too.

Elaine remembers that when Cullen was a
wee baby he had been very fretful with eczema or
something and she had taken him outside in his
baby buggy to wheel him to sleep, It took a long
time back and forth, back and forth. She had just
gotten him fast asleep and had wheeled him into the
shade and set the brake, preparatory to leaving him
there to sleep for awhile, covered with mosquito
netting to keep off the flies, when grandmother
came walking up the path to their place. As she
drew near, Elaine put her finger over her lips to
indicate "be quiet''. As grandmother approached
the place where Cullen lay she smiled and put her
finger over her lips too. Then she leaned over the
buggy to look at him, saying at the same time, 'UJa,
ve must be quiet for he is asleep'.. But her words
were not whispered but fairly "boomed out", and
of course Cullen awakened with a frightened scream,
Dear grandmother, she had no way of knowing how
loud she whispered, because of her deafness,

Cousin Rose wrote of Laurs and Else:-- |
"Memories of my grandparents are all too few, as
Iwas pretty young, but Ido remember grandma |
coming to our house to quilt for us and allowing
me to 'card' the wool, much to my delight.
Grandpa I remember with white hair blowing and
always a sweet smile and a moustache that tickled.
Somehow pictures of Albert Schweitzer remind me
of him, I'm sure these two lovely people were
largely responsible for the many wonderful traits
and beliefs that our Dad passed on to us and I am
very thankful indeed to be a part of their progeny."

3 3! ate ste ste
3s oF as os a8
