Andrew 486

linking the Union Pacific and Central Pacific Rail-
roads ina great transcontinental system. Andrew
was named for his mother's father, the Danish
version of the name being ''Anders'., When he was
a young man he added the middle initial 'B" and
changed the last three letters of his surname from
the original Danish spelling, ''sen'' to ''son"'. He
was less than a year old when his family moved
into Gunnison Valley and here he spent most of the
remainder of his childhood, in such communities
as Gunnison, Mayfield and Christenburg. He was
baptized a member of the L. D. S. church in May-
field and it was here he also started school, We
feel fortunate to have had choice contributions
about him from each of his six children now living.
Most of the remainder of Andrew's story comes
from them.

Wendell begins:-- ''Father came from sturdy
Danish stock - men and women of courage, faith
and vision. At age thirteen he left home to work
and help out. His first job was as a herder for the
well-to-do but rather godless man, Julius Christen-
sen, who spent time telling Andrew that a belief in
God was utter foolishness. One day this man, while
riding the range accompanied by father, was caught
in a heavy cloudburst. In trying to cross a gulley,
swollen with flood waters, the bankcaved in plung-
ing horse and rider into the torrent. The man
caught a hanging branch and was helped out by
father, who said he never heard a man pray to God
more fervently for deliverance."

Edythe tells a similar story about this pro-
fessional atheist, Julius Christensen, and young
Andrew:-- ''Father believed with heart and soul in
the divinity of the Restored Gospel of Christ.
Whether in jest or soberness, the older man made
a point of now and then testing Andrew's faith. It
nettled the younger man, One day it became nec-
essary to cross a small lake, As often happens
with almost no warning, a sudden squall developed.
The wind blew hard and the waves rose high. The
rowboat, near the center of the lake, jerked and
tossed about until it seemed it would surely capsize.
Andrew, who was rowing and fighting the elements
with all his might, began praying fervently. To
