611 Louis

Wyoming in March of 1916. He then had six living
children, the youngest and second daughter, Alice,
being less than two years old. His sister Elsie
took her five children and moved to Wyoming at
the same time. The night before they left Gunni-
son they all stayed at their sister Emma's, who
lived but a mile from the Gunnison depot, from
which they all left by train the next mo rning, 27
Mar, 1916. Both families lived intwo rooms of
the four-roomed cabin that Chris had built on his
place on The Oasis until cabins could be built on
their property. This was the first project to be
attempted that spring and soon Louis and his
family and Elsie and hers were housed in their
own log and frame cabins on the Wyoming ranch.

The story of the next few years in Wyoming
was like something out of a Western movie mystery
and as full of intrigue. Desperados tried to force
the Christensens off their land by stealing their
stock, burning their crops and setting fire to their
homes; during which time the beloved brother Chris
became an innocent victim of this range war and
died 5 Oct. 1917. The story of those nerve-
wracking years has been told in detail in‘an earlier
chapter of this history, titled ''Wyoming Interlude".
Eventually all of the Christensens sold-out their
holdings on The Oasis or let them go for taxes,
except Louis, who chose to remain in the area
and ''face the music''as it were. He moved his
family into Lyman where, having been deputized
at the time of all the trouble on his ranch, he
became active in the law enforcement of the region.
He bought out the property of his deceased brother
Chris on The Oasis and his holdings there then
totaled some 882 acres and the four roomed cabin
built by Chris, which his family used from time to
time. He continued to farm on the ranch, in be-
tween his duties as deputy sheriff; it was a good
place to keep his boys busy.

Life was not easy for Louis or his family
that winter following Chris' death. Rumors about
the burning of the crops and the killing and other
outrages on the ranch were flying thick and fast.
Some pecple were friendly to the Christensens and
some were unfriendly and even suspicious, The
