Brown Kit 294

hand, set out to confront her father, Niels said
later that sitting there looking at his irate little
mother with the whip in her hand, he began to fear
for his grandfather. Maren was convinced that her
son was telling the truth. When they arrived at her
father's place, Christen apologized to them both.

I cannot remember whether the tools were found

or not but I don't suppose Maren sent her young
son to work for his grandfather again, at least not
that year, I think our great-grandfather Christen-
sen was a rather stern man, at any rate for our
day.''

Nearly nine months following the death of
Maren's little Sarahann, Else was called into ©
deliver another baby for her. Manda May Myrup,
born in Gunnison 24 May 1883, was Maren's eighth
and last child, for this young thirty-four-and-a-
half year old mother was not permitted to watch
over the lives of her children in mortality much
longer. When tiny Manda lacked eleven days of
being two months old, Maren died very suddenly
(13 July 1883) of what was later believed to be
appendicitis, although it was not known by that
name then, Lars Myrup's second wife, Marie,
took little Manda to care for but the small child
only outlived her mother less than a month, dying
in August that same year. Thus the plucky little
Danish emigrant pioneer and mother, Maren, came
to her life's end and her body rested at length be-
side those of her three infant daughters in the
Gunnison cemetery. Her oldest daughter Mary and
four sons, Lars or Lewis C., Niels C., Adolph M.,
and Joseph Henry survived her and lived to marry
and bring a sizable posterity into the world to honor
the memory of Maren Christensen Myrup.

Else K, felt concern for her sister-in-law's
children and after their mother's death looked in
on them often to see how they were getting along
with their 'hot-tempered stepmother', Maren's
boys were’ still sleeping in the granary at the
Myrup place when they all took measles and had
them very bad. Else went out time and again to
help doctor them, They all thought a great deal
of their Aunt Else, A little later on the son Niels
developed the nervous disorder, St. Vitus' Dance,
