603 Emma

Charles made little box coffins for each and buried
each in turn himself across the wash from the house
on their own place.

The ranch itself supported the family very
nicely with the cows, chickens, ducks and other
barnyard animals they raised there. Charles fed
lots of stock, including as many as fifty pigs at a
time. Byron tells that when he used to get angry
at his father he would go down to the pigpen and
threw rocks at the pigs to make them squeal,
Nevertheless, the son Byron learned to be a big
help to Charles on the ranch, and as he grew to
manhood worked side by side with his father,

Charles was very good to Emma's parents -
he couldn't do too much for them, He often gave
Laurs employment on his ranch and paid him well.
Else liked to help thin beets and harvest potatoes
for him, and when she did he paid her too, Often
he gave them a ''runty pig'| a lamb, a cow ora
few laying hens. They were always more than
welcome at his home and he at theirs, for he was
more like a son to them than a son-in-law.

Following the death of his beloved wife Emma,
4 Sept. 1927, Charles and his three children got
along by themselves until Ada was married and
moved away. Thenon 31 Dec. 1929 Charles mar-
ried a Danish widow, Minda Peterson of Redmond,
who had several children of her own. She stayed
on in Redmond and Charles lived there with her
but continued to help Byron operate the ranch and
spent lots of time with him and Imelda.

The middle of March 1930 Charles sent
Byron on a mission to South Africa and had Emma's
niece, Vera Clark, come to be company for Imelda.
Vera writes;-- ''I had been staying at Uncle Charles!
with Imelda that summer of 1930, so I stayed right
on that winter and took my 7th grade work in
Gunnison, I have fond memories of that year.
Byron was on his mission and Ada lived in Delta,
We visited Ada and family several times during
the year. Uncle Charles was so good to me!"

After several years Charles' wife, Minda,
was stricken with brain cancer and rushed to a
Salt Lake hospital for treatment, Charles took
