673 Tresia

ended in divorce in December of that same year.

Following her divorce Tresia went from
Idaho to Oakland, California and worked there for
nearly two years. Then she moved to Dillon,
Montana to work, Here she met a bachelor ten
years older than she, by the name of James Lacy.
The two went to Evanston, Wyoming to be married,
3 July 1917. Tresia called her new husband Jim
and he was lacking five months of being thirty-eight
when they were wed and she was five months past
twenty-eight. They lived in Dillon, Montana for
five more years where Jim worked for a lumber
company and an ice company. They then went to
Delano, California for a year anda half, where he
worked as a mason, Taft, California became their
home next for about a year and a half and here Jim
worked building schools and as a steam fitter. The
oil fields in Maricopa nearby furnished him with
his next employment and here they lived and worked
for the next seventeen years, Jim then worked in
the oil fields at Taft for three and a half years, but
they continued to live at Maricopa. It was in Mari-
copa that Jim died of a heart attack, 4 Feb. 1946,
and thus ended more than twenty-eight and a half
years of a very happy marriage. Tresia wrote: -
"Jim Lacy was a wonderful man and he was grand
to me, !!

Tresia continued to live on in Maricopa and
here she became acquainted with a widower by the
name of Ray H. Moore, On 4 May 1951 the two
went to Las Vegas, Nevada and were married.
Tresia writes: - 'Ray Moore was also a very
good man and kind to me, We had been married
just a little over two years when he died of a heart
attack, 30 May 1953. He had three children by his
first wife and through them I now claim nine grand-
children and eight great-grandchildren who are
also very kind to me."

Tresia, very pretty as a girl and a beautiful
woman even at eighty years of age (1969), never
had any children of her own. But she is surrounded
by those who love her for she is gracious, friendly,
outgoing and greatly admired. She still lives in
Maricopa, California, keeping her own apartment
but sharing cooking responsibilities with a lady
