Dreams Come True 396

We continue Else's account:-- ''Going to
Aalborg 17th Sept. 1910, We are here in Aalborg
17th Sept, in this good home with some loving
Saints, Christen Pedersen and wife Kirstine
Marie; Mrs, Marie Carlsen, 679 E, Jensen Ave.,
Salt Lake City, her father and mother live here in
Aalborg - we must see them here and also go to
L. D. S. Church headquarters here in Aalborg, at
Borupsgade 12. Going back to Thisted tomorrow,
In Aarhus the 20 Sept. in the home of Peter Forge-
sen Fisher, father and mother of Willardsen's
wife Marie of Centerfield - also had word from
her Aunt Anne, 'Kobenhaven'' 30 Sept. 1910, will
see Hans Mortensen's girls here today."

So it seems Laurs and Else traveled from
one end of Little Denmark to the other visiting their
relatives, both close and distant, and also calling
on relatives of friends back in Zion; and as they
traveled to and fro the list of names and vital
statistics of families they visited enroute grew
and grew in Else's notebook, Sometime during
their journey Else contacted a professional
genealogist by the name of Jens C, Nielsen, and
engaged him to search out the records of her noble
progenitors, the Hvids - way back, Perhaps this
was one of the things that took them to Copenhagen
then as well as their desire to visit the L, D. S,
headquarters there and greet mission president,
Andrew Jenson, whom they had known so weil
since they traveled together on "Old Kenilworth",

Here one now saw ten bicycles to every motor-
car and at noons or days ends the ratio was higher.
Old-fashioned church gables still zigzagged on the
sky, where they stood with their red tile roofs,
high white walls, and copings bright around them
like red ruffles, Perhaps Laurs and Else stood
with all the people in the public square there and
sang ''There is a Lovely Land", as the band played
it. It was more popular with the Danes then than
"King Christian'’, They had added a new verse to
it lately, something about ''Denmark shall never
fall as long as there are blue waters lapping on
the shores of her green islands.'' But in spite of
all the ''new'' this homeland of theirs would always
be old, for even before the fierce old Vikings there
had been a Denmark!
