553 Albert

when I reached college age he was seventy-four.

We worked out a fine relationship. I always thought
of him as loving and kind, but the characteristics

I remember most were his great dignity, scrupu-
lous honesty, and his pride in us children, [
remember him saying on occasions when his family
was all gathered around him that he could not con-
ceive of Heaven being much more wonderful than
this,

"T remember serious talks with Dad and I
recall the loving way he'd take my hand and would
rub my thumb and knuckles in a circular movement
of his large thumb, He placed constant emphasis
upon us being more than just "scrub! or common
run-of-the-mill. Somehow he managed to make us
children feel that we had an obligation, because of
our heritage, to be contributing, worthwhile mem-
bers of society. He would not compromise on the
kind of school grades he expected. I usually left
a list of my grades on the mantlepiece where he
put his car keys and under which he always care-
fully placed his high topped shoes at end of day.

If ever there was anything besides an '"'A''on that
list, no matter how many ''A's" there were, he
would say, 'Well, let's see if we can do a little
better next time, '

"Most of my life I felt that it was necessary >
to be very careful financially, although I know that
by the time I began to grow up things were easier
than earlier, There always seemed enough money
for music lessons and schooling however. All Dad.
asked in return was that we take advantage of these
opportunities. He wanted us to develop.our talents
to the fullest. Countless times I have been grateful
for the fine education he was willing to provide for
me, Je,

"IT can still remember the look of joy on my |
parents' faces when Dad came home from the office
sometime during the last of World War II to tell us
he was finally out of debt, His honesty, integrity,
courage and determination have been a great
inspiration to me and helped me to understand that
there is little in life that cannot be faced success-
fully in the long run, if these characteristics have
been developed within. As the giver of gifts of life
