481 Christian

the last time she saw him until she stood by his

deathbed at The Oasis in Wyoming the first part

a October. The circumstances of Christian's

accident and death have been covered ina previous

chapter but we should like to present his daughter

ea ae courageous and moving account of those
O:--

"Father was shot the night of Oct. 2nd 1917,

at the ranch, and died there Oct. 5th. He was to
ave gone up in another direction, but he did not
8° and of course we didn't know this. He had cau-
oe Roy and me to shoot for help if we saw any-

ing moving in the area. I feel that I was at fault
a8 much as Roy, although he held the gun, for just
re he fired in the air from the doorway the screen
door I was trying to hold open for him flew shut on

© gun, putting the shot onto father. Of course
We didn't know at the time that it was father. All
we knew was that we could see someone moving 1n
°ur yard, that we had been told to shoot for help
‘2 Such a case, and that we were frightened. I
ic this was just supposed to be - just one of
hose things, This has been so terrible for us to
live with. As for me, I can hardly stand to talk
about it even now, after more than fifty years.

€ all loved our father so dearly!

in the
"He li after he was shot int
Mes a aa hest and ricocheted

wack, The bullet lodged in his ¢ ait
badly that they dared not move him, ©XCeP od
€ ranch house. He suffered terribly. He talke
° us and forgave us with all his heart and soul,
©cause he knew we did not mean to do it. We
Were just carrying out his orders to shoot for Rel
ri Saw anything moving. They embalmed him
; the ranch and then we took his body on the train
© be further prepared for burial. Then we took
= body on to Gunnison where his funeral and
urial were held, 12 Oct. 1917."

Sensitive people sometimes seem to die a

iittle themselves with experiences such as these;
ae life must go on for them nevertheless, for they
: © "have promises to keep and miles to go before
fy sleep - and miles to go before they Sleep’.
hristian's descendants should take comfort in
18 nobleness of character and the examples he
