623 Louis

eyes. She was gentle, kind and loving by nature -
Sympathetic and understanding. She was quiet and
soft-spoken and she had almost unending patience.
She was very religious, with an abundance of faith,
hope and charity that helped mold her into an out-

Standing wife and mother.

She was courted and won by Louis Christen-
sen, a large, curly-headed handsome fellow of
Danish parentage who lived in northwest Gunnison
along the main road that then ran from Gunnison
to Fayette, about six miles distance. The wedding
date was set. Florence and her younger Sister
made her wedding dress of white ''china silk",
Florence saved this dress and later used the
material to make a "christening robe" for her first
daughter, Florence LaFaun. The marriage of
Florence and Louis took place in the beautiful
Manti Temple, Wed. 6 Mar. 1901. A lovely
wedding reception was held for them by the parents
of Louis, Laurs and Else K. Christensen, in their
home in Gunnison that same evening.

Louis came to make his home in her childhood
home in Fayette, but within three months he was
called to serve a mission for the church in Colorado,
leaving Florence in rather poor health as we have
learned. Her condition worsened and though her
mother-in-law, Else K., who was a doctor and
nurse, did all she could to assist her, it was
thought wise to have Louis called home to be with
her and help in her care, and to be on hand for the
birth of their first child, LaFaun, born 12 Dec.

1901 in the old Mellor home in Fayette.

From Fayette Florence and Louis and child
moved to the Wasden home across the road south
of Laurs' and Else's in Gunnison, where two other
children were born to them, both boys, Lucien and
Rex. Else was always on hand to help deliver the
new babies and to care for them and the mother.
Florence must have felt lost without her kind and
efficient mother-in-law nearby when they moved
west a mile or so onto a ranch while Rex was still
a baby,

Louis was away a lot with the sheep and Rex
was sickly and hemorrhaged easily and often,
