Destiny Takes a Hand 388

"At last I grabe the pen and write, We had
a sewing girl here last week and so I helped and
have been so busy. I have had sewn some under-
clothing and a national costume. Of dresses and
over-clothes I shall have nothing new since I was
so well supplied last spring, Iam going to High
School again this summer, Vallo High School is
the one I will attend and O, P. Jensen is the name
of the director. It begins the fourth of May. Iwill
teach handwork and gymnastics and take instruction
in the remaining subjects. The school will be in
session until August. Then I'm really going to start
working, for if everything goes as we have figured,
I will begin the middle of August at Silkeborg Sem-
inary where I will have to go for four years to get
my teacher's examination (degree), I have a tre-
mendous desire to do this and father and mother
have their hopes in me too, But father is getting
old and will soon be seventy-four and that's really
up in the years, However it is his greatest desire
that I'll make something of myself - Iam of course
his baby girl. |

"If you come this summer can't you make it
so that you will be here ‘in August? I would like to
be here while you are here. When Anders and his
wife come to Europe we hope they will also come
to Denmark's land. Thanks for the pictures,
Mother let so many see Elvena's picture that when
I got hold of it it was almost black, When she is
photographed again I would put a great price on
receiving a copy. But if she would come over here
with it herself it would be all the more dearly come
by. Elvena should not be afraid to come over here,
when I get enough money there would be nothing I'd
rather do than come over and visit my family in
America. But it would only be for a visit as I
could never leave our good Denmark,

"ZT have to go in a little bit and that's why my
writing is so choppy. But of course you'll forgive
it for herewith is sent to the whole family best
wishes from the inhabitants in Tornely, by your
devoted - Edel Christensen,"
