647 Arthur

and enough things for you and Margaret to get along
until we move, which will be in a couple of weeks,

"We are awfully busy. Steve and Chris are
here besides a number of other men. One thing
sure, the Wimmer folks will take over a housefull.
We have a nice service station now on the corner
and Rastus is moving his dump away. Grace was
home most of last week. I surely hope Rosy is
having some business but somehow I worry about
them. I stayed home all day Sunday and worked
as usual. Dave had the car. He at last has found
a job (making brick) now that we are ready to move.
Such weather - it's awful today - cold and stormy.
Don't do anything about moving until you see or
hear from me again, Would you be afraid to live
in the home until we come?"

After nearly eleven and a half years as oper-
ator and manager of the Eagle House Hotel in Manti,
Millie took up her residence in Salt Lake City. But
she did not remain unemployed long, for she
accepted a position with Auerbach's Company in
the alterations. department and remained in their
employ for some seven years. On9 Mar, 1940
she married Octavious F, Gudmundson, an engineer
on the U. P. railroad, The family all called him
"Goodie'' and welcomed him into the fold.

Grace writes: - ''The big home mother bought
in Salt Lake proved to be a gathering place for
children and grandchildren. David had graduated
from Manti High School and Max attended West
High there in Salt Lake. Douglas and I had moved
to Salt Lake and were also living with mother.
Gladys also lived with mother and remained there
until 1942, when she left for San Francisco, Our
daughter Maxine Sydney was born while we were
living there, 17 Oct. 1943. We had brother Max
as her godfather for he was by that time in the
Navy and on the aircraft carrier Enterprise.

"In August 1950 Doug and I bought our present
home on Emerson Ave. Soon after mother sold ©
her big home and purchased a duplex near Liberty
Park, 1333 South 6th East, David and his family
bought and lived in one side of the duplex and ©
mother and Goodie in the other. Goodie died there
