Time's Hourglass 456

"A large group of mourners gathered at the
tabernacle last Friday to pay respects to Mrs,
L. M. C. Christensen, The services were con-
ducted by Bishop's Counselor Alphonso Henrie.
The choir sang 'Come, Come Ye Saints', Mr,
and Mrs, E, E, Johnson sang a duet, Miss
Christy Parry sang a solo, and Miss Helen Fikstad
and the choir sang 'Come Ye Disconsolate', The
speakers were Simon Christensen, Peter Sorensen
of Ephraim, N. R. Peterson, Pres, A, E, Park
of Gunnison, and Temple Pres, L. R. Anderson,'!

The account of Grandmother's death, life
and burial as taken from the Gunnison Gazette at
the time is also recorded here:

"Pioneer Woman is Called to Reward

"Else K, Christensen, beloved wife of
L. M. C. Christensen, and well known throughout
Gunnison Valley and the entire county, passed to
the great beyond at her home in Manti last Monday
night at 12 o'clock, Death followed a three-day
serious illness and notwithstanding the fact that
she was very ill she was conscious and realized
that the end was near and bade all those about her
farewell. The husband, and Joseph and Albert,
sons, and a daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and
Mrs. Chas, Peterson, were at the bedside when
the end came.

"Mrs, Christensen just recently returned
from an extended visit to some of her children in
the northern part of the state and in Wyoming,
where she spent six weeks, and on her return
was well and in splendid spirits.

"The deceased was born in Denmark, Feb,
9, 1847, and had she lived until this coming Febru-
ary would have been 77 years old. When eighteen
years old she joined the L. D. S, Church and later
emigrated to America, settling first in Manti,
After a residence there for awhile she removed to
Gunnison and resided here for more than thirty
years, Some few years ago she returned to Manti
where she lived until called to the other world,
Mrs. Christensen was widely known and loved
always. In the early days she was the only trained
nurse in the entire valley, and through her charming
