11 This Land & Its People

came in their chariots, led by Druid priests and,
over-running Greece, Rome and Gual (France)
landed in the British Isles. They became masters
of vast regions but they never managed to force
their way into the north countries, However, they
formed a barrier between Denmark and the south
and west and put quite a 'crimp' in her trade.
Though the Celts never came to Denmark, except
perhaps a few to trade or as prisoners of war, the
things they brought with them came - disease and
war. But the Celts also brought "iron" to Europe
in the form of weapons, instruments, chariots and
wares. More durable than stone, cheaper and
more available than copper, the Danes soon
learned to make good use of iron. By more or
less the time of Christ the glory of the ''Celtic
Iron Age" had faded, Denmark had resumed her
brisk trading, and Rome set out to conquer the
civilized world.

Caesar's legions marched through Gual and
into the British Isles, and the ''Nordland'"' trembled.
But though the Roman conquerors made England
theirs for 400 years they were never able to pene-
trate far into German territory nor up to Denmark
at all. This is one reason why the subsequent
history of the Scandinavian countries and western
Europe is entirely different. True, Rome's mer-
chant ships continued to sail to Denmark to trade,
but her warriors nor the glory of her great metro-
politan culture never reached there. No stone
houses were built in Denmark during this 'Roman
Age"'; no Roman roads, bridges, theaters, churches,
or Roman baths, as in other parts of Europe.
Though not a poor country at the time, Denmark's
people looked very poverty stricken in comparison.
Their homes were low, dark, windowless huts with
holes in the purlins to let the smoke out. The
floors were of earth and the huts were divided into
two parts--one for cattle and horses, the other for
human beings, "Only the upper classes wore fine
clothes, brooches and jewelry; ordinary Danes
went about in simple woolen garments or animal
hides - sheepskins for instance,

Finally the Great Roman Empire crumbled
and great troubles descended on the British Isles.
