Ella May 878

Eastwood, whom he met at BYU, inthe Los
Angeles Temple. As I write this history and
reflect on my life up to the present I am amazed
how time flies. It seems only yesterday our boys
were small. I look at them now with their little

families and think - 'there we were a few years
ago'.

"After the boys left home we sold the farm
and moved back to town. My husband works as a
driver-salesman for Challenge Creamery. I have
been working for the past some twenty years as
legal secretary for the firm Holden, Holden &
Kidwell. I have blue eyes, light brown hair, am
five feet four inches tall and weigh 120-125 lbs.,
which doesn't vary much. I love being home, like
housework, and am happy inthe kitchen, I get
compliments on my cooking, I've always tried to
create a homey atmosphere so my family will love
coming home and will remember it with pleasure.

"TI love to read and listen to sweet music -
but also like activities such as dancing, hiking,
swimming and bicycle riding,
lose myself in gardening
to be out in the hills fishi
beautiful Lake Palisades,
the coziness of a fireside, the smell of clothes just
taken from the line, or of freshly baked bread. I
love the smell of willows on the river, lilacs in
bloom, and blue sky with billowy clouds,

ially like being grandma and sho
grandchildren,

I can completely
and it is pure joy for me
ng in a lively stream or

I love simple things like

I espec-
pping for the

"I love to take trips and see new country.
When the boys were young we took them on a
camping trip to Glacier National Park, After we
got our trailer we took Bill and Helen to Priest
Lake in northern Idaho and Mike and Judy through
Yellowstone Park, Pat and I have traveled through
all the western states, including a ferryboat ride
through the San Juan Islands to Victoria, and to
Mexico when Bill was released from his mission.
A Christmas or two ago we flew to Moscow, Idaho,
to be with Mike and his family and later we flew
back to Maryland to see Bill and his,

"Now here we are still in Idaho Falls, where
