949 Mabel Norma

Explorer leader inthe M.I, A. In August of 1964,
after having been in exploring nearly one year, my
wife and I were able to purchase the home at #3
Douglas St. in which we hope to spend the rest of
our lives, Knowing this to be a permanent move
we, with the concurrence of our bishop, decided

to change our membership to the North 33rd Ward,
the ward where we now reside. My wife and child-
ren changed immediately, but I could not bring my-
self to leave 'my boys' until another year had
passed, In late 1965 I took over the explorer post
in our home ward.

"Then came the call to be Bishop of the North
33rd Ward, which was the most humbling experience
of my life. Had I not been a firm believer in the
principle of divine revelation and inspiration, and
a great admirer of our stake leaders, I would have
seriously questioned the wisdom of this call, I
never face a congregation but what Iam over-
whelmed at the tremendous leadership abilities of
the men over whom I serve. May the Lord bless
me and help me to bring about those purposes for
which I was called.'' .

While Reed got established in his business.
Norma worked, first at the University of Utah and
later for the Union Pacific Railroad where she
started as a vacation relief but soon was ona
regular basis. Here she continued her employment
most of seventeen years with only time out to have
four fine children. Besides, she and Reed have
worked ceaselessly together building their home,
their business and in church service. Among other
responsibilities, Norma served as Relief Society
President and is currently serving as President of
the Ward Y.W.M.I.A.

The couple and their children are truly
"buddies'’, They have fun doing things together.
They boat, ski - both snow and water - ride horses,
camp out, fish, travel, hike, and swim in the family
pool, Norma's mother, Myrtle, has lived with
them the majority of the last twelve years and has
been a welcome and beloved member of their family
group, Their home is a happy rendezvous for
relatives, neighbors, friends and members of the
Ward, especially the young people. There is
