Mabel Norma 946

succeeded only because of the Lord's help. With

no money and a $10, 000 indebtedness against the
property, we were able to obtain loans during the.
next few months in excess of $75,000. A friend in
the building business hired me to supervise the
construction of our building, and a gentleman from
Logan leased the space in the rear of the building
for a professional dry cleaning store and paid $4, 000
advance rent. Without either of these we would have
been lost. We were able to buy a fine old home
nearby with almost no money down and moved there.

"The grand opening of our store was on Feb-
ruary 28, 1961. By June of that year, after having
lost $3,000 in three months Operation, the owner
of the professional dry cleaning plant in the rear
sold us the business for just $6,000 over what
remained owing on the machinery, $4, 000 of which
was the money he had advanced us for rent, payable
at our convenience, Our debts on our new venture

‘then jumped to $125, 000 and I was the owner of a

business I knew nothing about, That we were not

among the 97% of new businesses that failed during
the first year I can only attribute to the guiding
light that came into my life during that time. At
times its presence had been so real to me, it's as
though I haven't been in the ‘driver's Seat', With
at least $4, 000 per month required just to meet
monthly payments, as well as large amounts
required to make property and sales tax payments,
Ihave never ceased to be amazed that to date there
has been a way of meeting my obligations. It
would indeed be dishonest of me to take credit for
this, for I have received guidance far beyond my
abilities, without which I could fail, even today.

"Prior to tearing down the old family home
where we had been living for six years, we were

blessed with two more children - a fine boy and a
third dear little daughter. We had been approached
many times by the ward teachers of University
Ward, but still had no interest in church activity.
Our two oldest daughters attended Primary with

the neighbor children, and occasionally Sunday
School. They were extremely concerned over my
smoking and on occasion would hide my pipe. One
evening, after the children were in bed, I was
