209 War Whoops

tomahawks, These were but a few of the many
incidents leading up to the Black Hawk Indian War
which engulfed the settlers in this te rritory from
1866 to 1869, particularly those of Sanpete, Sevier
and other southern counties, becoming Utah's
bloodiest conflict of the last century.

The Black Hawk War is said to have officially
begun at Manti in Sanpete Valley Apr. 9, 1865.
Research seems to warrant the account presented
by Carlton Culmsee as probably the most logical
record of the event: -- ''Black Hawk sat in sacra-
ment meeting one peaceful Sunday in Manti. He
stared at the speakers as if absorbed in their
words, Perhaps he was. Perhaps, however, the
tall chief was thinking of a tribe of Utes not far
away, who were full of superstitious anger at these
white men. Those Utes were like dead leaves of
rabbit brush, like good timber. If a spark fell
among them --- ! But whatever reveries Black
Hawk had, he listened keenly to one part of the
meeting. Plans were announced for rounding up
the livestock in the district of the Indian farm at
Twelve Mile Creek. This was to be the customary
general spring roundup, Meeting ended, Black
Hawk went to the house of James Tooth, where he
customarily ate after the services.

"Meanwhile, an historic event was occurring
at Jerome Kempton's place in the same town,
Some leading Utes had met with prominent settlers
to discuss the recent outbreak of cattle stealing,
John Lowry and Archibald Buchanan acted as
interpreters, In the circle of onlookers were
Kempton, David Shand Sr., J. C. Madsen, Jens
Madsen, Arthur Vorhees, Louis Kjar and Peter
Munk, Matters appeared to be approaching an
amicable settlement in the hands of these frontier
diplomats, the interpreters. All that interfered —
was an irreconcilable among the Indians - Jake
Arropeen. He was a young sub-chief whose father
had died of the smallpox which had attacked the
band the preceding winter. Jake believed the
whites had enlisted the aid of evil spirits and
murdered his father by supernatural means, so
he refused to be soothed. He rode about shouting
that he would "kill Mormons and eat Mormon beef",
