735 Ellen Elaine

found the cause and Dad found the culprit - ugh
and ouch!

"I have always liked school from the time I
entered kindergarten at the age of almost six years.
My first teacher was Miss Cox, who was keeping
company at the time with my Uncle Joseph Snow.
When he dropped in sometimes to visit, I loved to
sit on his lap to impress my teacher and school-
mates, My favorite teachers in the upper grades
were Emery G, Epperson, Andrew Judd, Elmer
Peterson and of course, Ellis Johnson who did so
much to stimulate my love of fine music.

'My high school training was a bit sketchy.
I attended one year at Manti High and one year and

where Virginia and I boarded with Mr. & Mrs.
Oscar Hyde. After a six weeks summer school at
the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, where I
boarded with Aunt Retta Neff, I entered as a fresh-
man at B.Y.U. in Provo, In the spring of 1925,
after one years teaching at Manti High and Junior
High schools in between, I graduated from B.Y. U.
with high honors, The following summer I went
with B. Y. U. coach Eugene Roberts, Chick Hart,
Wilma Jeppson and Mildred Lewis to the Univer-
sity at Madison, Wisconsin, where I took speech
and physical education preparatory to teaching in
the Lehi High School in Utah County. Ihave taken
summer school classes, extension and corres-
pondence classes numerous times since then, until
I now have the equivalent of a Masters Degree.

"My teaching experience has beena very
satisfying one to me. Aside from the year 1923/24
when I taught music, reading and drama in the
Manti Junior and Senior High Schools, I taught in
Lehi from 1925-1937, teaching speech, U. Se
History and Physical Education in the High School.
From 1937 to 1949 I taught music, physical educa-
tion and English in the Junior High School at Cedar
City, Utah, where my husband, Edward Webb
Southwick, had moved to work as Office Manager
for Bradshaw Chevrolet Company. In 1955 I joined
the C. S. U. faculty in Cedar City as teacher of

basic communications. My duties and time
increased until I was soon teaching three-fourths
