263 United Order

buy notions and things that might be needed by the
women, . . Petition presented for each family to
keep a pig and chickens, Petition granted, "'
October 1875: "Agreed to ask some of the families
to vacate the houses belonging to the company as
they will be needed for grain bins, '' December 1875:
"Resolved that we declare a dividend of 10% per
annum and credit same as Capital Stock, , . New
directors elected viva voca,'' February 1876:
"Proposition presented to build for Peter H.
Hansen a 14 x 12 ft. house with a kitchen at back,
with both lath and plastering for walls and ceiling
in front room, on condition he is willing to give up
his present house for a meeting-house and his lot
for a jubilee lot -- proposition accepted, "!
December 1876: "A call has been made for dona-
tions for the temple to be erected at Manti.
Resolved to donate both labor and available

means, . . It was determined what credit each
stockholder should receive for his work and the
work done by his wife and children (a man received
1/3, 1/2, 2/3, or full wages, according to the work
accomplished)... wives who shear sheep shall
receive one days pay for 20 head. . ,. 1/2 regular
pay for girls planting potatoes,'' January 1877:
"Resolved to put floors in the houses, one room

in each house first. . . Resolved that we subscribe
for two copies of the Deseret News semi-weekly

- » « etc, , , etc, . .'' There was so much plan-
ning to do in the Order that monthly business
meetings sometimes lasted from early evenings
until 3 o'clock in the mornings,

Brigham Young was a great colonizer, an-
inspired leader and an outstanding personality;
in truth he was one of the world's great benefactors
and is so considered by many today. A few of the
untold number of helps instigated by him for the
benefit of his people were the Immigration Fund,
lasting peace with the redmen, railroad building,
the United Order, and University and Temple
building. The Church grew and flourished under
his leadership, as he went from city to city and
settlement to settlement meeting with and instruct-
ing the Saints, The last few years of his life there
