805 Everett Hale

there among the flowers. , , Sep. 18, 1911 -
School starts this morning. Hale andT are alone.
He has on his little yellow suit which looks just

the color of his hair. . . Oct. 18, 1911 - Hale is
off somewhere playing. Well, if is good that he
can be gathering some of the gold from this lovely
October weather to last him through the short,
dark winter days, . . June 19, 1912 - Just got
through making Hale a waist, and Hale and Sherman
have been worrying me about making them some
flags. (Hale went off without his flag)... Across
the road I see Hale leading Reid's dog. Lucian is
playing the drum and they are all singing. I know
that Sherman is just outside longing for his flag so
that he can join them in their parade, , , July 8,
1912 - Ijust got through making a cake. Sherman
and Hale went to the grocery for the bananas, I
emptied the mixing bowl and there ensued a wrangle
between them over which was going to scrape the
bowl, Ihad to draw a line through the center and
each took a side of the bowl to scrape as they sat
on the floor. 'Don't pound the bowl, Hale!'., ,
Nov. 18, 1912 - There the children lie, Sherman
with his feet in Hale's side; Hale with his little

red face and tangled white hair. The children

take almost every moment of the day. Hale has
been so trying. He lets out some of the biggest
yells for a little fellow lever heard. I suppose

the passing years will lend luster to those yells
which now annoy me and turn them to music.

May 16, 1913 - A show of great importance is
taking place at Margaret's this afternoon. Hale,
delighted with the prospects of being an actor,
hastened through his dinner. Five minutes ago

he came aimlessly walking home. 'Why Hale, why
aren't you over at the show?' Ilasked. 'I won't be
in it,' he said. 'They dressed me up like a girl
and were going to make me be the cook. The dress
was ugly, with a yellow string on it'. He stands
here now. 'There they go' he just said. 'All the
kids are going. That's Arthur running across now.
They think it's such a grand show, but they just
have a little stubby tent!' (This with great dis-
dain). . . Sherman, at the show, is dressed like

a Captain, while Reva, Virginia and Elaine have
their dancing dresses on, Hale absolutely refuses

