And Should We Die 350

and mail mixed up, to say the least. Finally the
sons of Laurs and Else decided to do something
about it and most of them assumed middle initials
and changed the spelling of their surname from
Christensen to Christenson; to the latter of which
generations of their Christensen progenitors must
have looked askance. But no matter, from this,
Christian "I", Andrew 'B'", Joseph 'C", Albert 'H"!
and Louis 'D'' Christenson emerged. Not to be
wholly outdone, some of their half-uncles also
adopted middle initials but left their surname
spelling intact. Thus there were now Christen
'"K'", or Chris Krat as he came to be called,
Andrew "'E''and Joseph ''Y'' Christensen. These
name changes were never legalized except through
long usage and some of the Christensons eventually
went back to the original Danish spelling of Chris-
tensen, The spelling of this surname has since
been used interchangeably among the various des-
cendants of their common progenitor, Christen
Christensen from Thy,

Ed BS ok og ok

Albert H. Christenson, now a full fledged
young lawyer, married Ellen Virginia Snow, whom
he called "Jennie", in the Manti Temple Wed. 26
Sept. 1900, She was the granddaughter of Col,
Warren Stone Snow of Black Hawk War fame,
Tresia remembers that Laurs and Else drove up
to Manti in a two-seated rig to attend the wedding
reception that night at the Snow home, taking
Elvena and herself with them, Both of the girls
had new shoes for the occasion. As was the cus-
tom in those days, a fine wedding supper was held
at the home. Tresia especially remembers the
small glasses of Dixie wine that stood at every
place on the long table. At the end of the meal,
when the adults had left the table and moved to
the parlor, she and some of the other children,
including Elvena and Jennie's young twin brothers
Joe and Ed, who had been given no wine, proceeded
to drink up the wine that was untouched. Tresia
must have gotten more than her share for the last
she remembers she was being lugged upstairs by
the bride's stepmother, Aunt Lydia, and put to bed
for the remainder of the evening. These were the
