203 Tragedy

ending; poignant yearning for home; salt spray or
sound of sea, or the far deeper pain of grief and
longing for loved ones who would never return,

And so. at nights on the plains, under the impersonal,
remote stars, many from the lands. of sea-washed
kingdoms. could not sleep, but lay.and moaned for
things that would not leave them quite alone,

What part the Christensens from Thy played
in this tragic drama in the wilderness is ljttle’ _
known since few details of their trek have ‘filtered
down to their posterity. We know that at least the
adults of the group walked most of the way." They
were not city-bred,: like some, but country folk
from the harshest part of Jutland, strong and
vigorous people in the main, Thus the wearisome
journey must have perhaps proved less exacting
for them physically than for numbers of othersvin
the same company. It has been said that this long
hard journey brought about, by natural processes,
a selection of the strong in body, mind or spirit;
for, as has further been Stated, -- ''The cowards
never started and the weak died onthe’ way..'' Who
can say? We fully believe, however, that our
Christensens were among those who helped the
less fortunate along the way. At least this was
the case with one particular emigrant family of
which we have beentold. Christen Christensen
had paid the fare of Hans Jensen and his wife and
three children from Jutland. He thought so much
of this young family and was most sorrowful when
both the father and the mother died of cholera on
the plains, He arranged to take care of the orphan
children the remainder ofthe journey. Did his
fatherly and generous nature, and the sympathetic
and understanding character of the. other members
of his party, send them to the aid of others of the
distressed in whatever capacities they could serve?
We think so, Surely all of them must-have gathered
at:many gravesides on the plains, to offer help. and
comfort to the bereaved during the bleak, anguished
burials of their dead. The Christensens and Myrups
knew the value of sympathy, for they themselves
were well acquainted with the sorrow of a dear.

one's passing.
Andrew Jenson wrote this of the Abner Lowry
