233 War Whoops

The Christensens had been looking forward
to October General Conference that year. It was
to be quite an occasion for Christen and Anne as
they planned to have their endowments and be
sealed to one another for time and eternity in the
Salt Lake Endowment House while in the city.
Maren and Lars Myrup had been thinking about
it also, but again they were deprived of going
because they had a tiny daughter of their own and
were loath to leave her in another's care. The
little girl had been born five weeks following her
mother's nineteenth birthday, 22 Mar. 1868, in
the Myrup's log cabin in the Big Fort. They had
taken her to Fast Meeting in the Council House
for her blessing and given her the name of Mary,
the American name for Maren. It is doubtful if
Laurs and Else went along that year either, with
young Christen just a year old and crawling into
everything. They must have cared for little
Caroline also, to leave Anne and Christen free,
and probably helped with the girls too, since
Maren must have had her hands full with little
Mary.

Christen and Anne went to Salt Lake by
covered wagon, along with a company of other
Conference-goers, You may be sure they had an
armed escort along, as skirmishes, stock thefts
and even killings continued, even after the treaties
were signed. Though there was suppo sed to be:
peace, no wise settlers ever traveled about unpro-
tected; it didn't pay to take the chance. The com-
pany left Manti early since it still took almost a
week to get from there to Salt Lake City. Oni Sat.
Oct. 5th, in the Endowment House, Christen and
Anne were given their endowments and sealed to.
each other. The gentle Karen, Christen's first
wife, was also sealed to him for eternity, although
her endowments had to be postponed until a temple
was erected in Zion in which to do work for the
dead. General Conference convened next day,
Oct. 6th, in the new Tabernacle and lasted three
days. It was the first time a full quorum of
Apostles was ever present at a Conference in
Utah, Apostles Franklin D. Richards and Charles
W. Penrose having just arrived in Salt Lake from
their foreign missions, It is likely that Brother
