Other Dimensions 42

relics of their old heathen cults were still to be
observed for, after all, ''Rome was far away'"'.

On ''Wakeful Nights'' the young men and girls of

the villages went to the churches, taking their beer
casks with them, and danced and made merry.
Night life in the churches was not exactly Christian,
"but to avoid offending the images of the pious
saints on such occasions, their pictures were
turned with their faces to the wall''. Thus, though
there was no longer a gap between Church and

State in Denmark, there was a big one between the
Church and its congregations. An extensive feeling
of unrest in religious matters was felt as the
Danish Catholic Church's hold upon the population
slackened.

So there was not much to stop the new
religious doctrines of the reformer, Martin Luther,
which were then being formulated in Germany,
from seeping into Denmark and the existing church
there was unable to strangle them. Fanaticism
and mass excitement in religious movements were
uncommon in the Dane's history, for there was
usually cool sobriety among them where religion
was concerned. Then, too, at this time the Danes
had the 'Counts War'' to think about--war was
another thing! When the bloodshed was finally
over, the death knell of the Catholic Church in
Denmark was sounded. King Christian III pro-
claimed Lutheranism as the religion in his land
and all who opposed him were forced to give in.
Though all Catholic bishops were imprisoned in
one swoop, they were released on condition that
they get out of the country or join the Lutheran
Church. Most of them stayed and changed over.
Acts of violence were few and the struggle was
nearly over. Now all these new Lutheran clergy
were required to do was to perform their religious
duties and keep their noses out of other matters--
no more land grabbing or politics! Thus the
Reformation was carried out rather simply in
Denmark.

When absolute monarchy was introduced in
1660 the Danish churches became the property of
the State and Lutheranism became the national
religion of the kingdom. All Danish subjects
