159 Kobberod

nee her family of her anticipated emigration.
= aed she planned somehow to go home and tell
©€m of it - and say goodby. As the time drew
nearer, however, she fled from the thought of it
More and more. How did one say goodby forever?
Yet, when all was said and done, did her activities
really matter ve ry much anymore to those in
Norhaa? Occasionally the girl indulged herself in
Moments of self-pity, but then she brushed these
aioe by lifting up her voice in the songs of Zion,
an quoting from Psalms, such as:-- ''This isa
ay that the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be
8'ad in it", Then she was comforted and went
ravely ahead, losing herself in the happiness
and plans of others, and in their service.

Soon after the first part of March Else had.
a letter from Mads, in which he told of ChristenJs

death in Norhaa, 29 February that year (1866).
© had suffered much, wrote her surviving: brother,
1 ‘Christen,

cue also included these statements:--~
, 18 last days, was stirred to look inward into

t 1S sinful heart and consider the Lord's. goodness
° Tepentant sinners and whatever else the re is to
lieve in, Immediately afterwards, we other.
Prother and sisters came in touch with the same
Way of life through a revival initiated by Grundt-
fant 5 BO» thought Else, they too. were searching -
ior the truth perhaps, But they would never find

=i with Grundtvig! Then thinking again of Christen,

© couldn't -help but recall the old verse:

When the devil is ill, a monk he would be,
But when he is well, the devil is he.

Then at once she was ashamed and saddened and

Ma Outside by herself and wept. Laurs followed
° give comfort and then they walked and talked

until they had made their way together to were
€ land overlooked the water. There, in the
*Stance where the winter's ice had given way,

i flying Shapes of ships appeared, They them -

ves would soon be sailing!

wh We are left to our own imaginings as to Just
€re and when the important words were said
meen these two. This being a leap-year, she
“ght have helped the young man out a bit and
