633 Arthur

Arthur leased a farm of some 327 acres
from Gussie Villard northwest a few miles from
Gunnison, His brother-in-law, Bert Gledhill,
worked for him here, Gladys writes: -- "After
we moved into the beautiful red brick house in
northwest Gunnison, I guess we didn't have much
-money, as mother took in boarders, Then one
summer soon after, we almost cried when we
found out our dad and mother had rented our
beautiful house to some 'foreigners' and we were
going to move to the farm northwest of Gunnison,"

Arthur moved his family back into the red
brick house the fall before their seventh child,
Max, was born, 17 Oct. 1920. Grace writes: --
"Gladys and I were going on twelve when Max was
born, He was the only one of us children that was
born ina hospital. Mother went to Salina and I
remember the concern that she might not make it.
It was shortly after this that Father and Mother
decided to go into the grocery business and politics.
Dad was persuaded by friends to run for Mayor of
Gunnison, He lost the race by about two votes.
Actually, he was relieved-to have lost for his heart
wasn't init - nor the grocery store either, He
longed to be back outside with the animals and the
soil - so took up farming again,"'

By the fall of 1924 both Melrose and Wesley
had gotten tired of no prospects in Gunnison except
farming and struck out on their own. They soon
found work in the mines in Juab County. Arthur.
and Millie had the opportunity to buy a hotel in
Manti and Millie decided she wanted to try her
hand at it and so they sold their lovely home in
Gunnison and at Christmas time that year took
over the Eagle House hotel in Manti. Millie was
a hard worker, a great manager and a wonderful
cook, The twins, now in their Sophomore year in
high school, were a lot of help to her and soon
things were running smoothly. _ i

Arthur left the running of the hotel to the
women, There seemed little need for him there
much of the time. He was an ambitious fellow
and a hard worker, growing restless when forced
to be idle too long. He finally went to the mine
where his two oldest sons were employed. Leola
