69 Kjallerup

feet again after having lost its ponderous navy.
The peasants were making agricultural progress
but behind the atmosphere of modest demands and
thriftiness there was a sort of paralyzing bitter-
ness. The Danish people, it appeared, could not
fully get over the grave shocks and losses their
country had suffered, despite the white sails that
could once more be seen tacking in and out between
the five hundred green islands. Even so, as often
during periods of discouragement and reflection,
new ideas, evaluations, and intellectual movements
were dawning there too. It was during this time
that Denmarks' great writer of fairy tales, Hans
Christian Andersen, wandered around the streets
of his homeland and wrote the stories that were to
gain him world renown, It was then and there that
Soren Kierkegaard, the theological philosopher,
and Grundtvig, the spiritual revivalist, both
strolled and thought, and here that Adam Ochlen-
schlager, Denmark's national poet, both lived and
wrote. Yes, writers wrote and people read, Las
no matter how idyllic everything appeared, in the
old Danes! hearts was still the memory of how
things had been before. Sarcastic criticism of the
old autocratic system of government, which it was
felt was responsible for the catastrophe, could be
heard in many circles, and even some youths in
the Capitol enthusiastically demonstrated for
"liberty". Too, there was 4 growing spirit of
"German nationalism" in the Danish provinces

of Holstein and South Slesvig, which the Danish
people in general viewed with concern, but which
no one seemed able to do much about, leastwise
King Christian VIII. The restlessness there was
obviously becoming more critical by the hour
when this melancholic, disappointed King died

and his son, Frederick Vii, became the country's
Absolute Monarch.

But this new king, who took over in 1848,
was neither loved nor admired; there was much
gossip about him in the Kingdom, since ''he had
already wrecked two marriages, and was vague
and moody and not even considered reliable. ..
So the Danes decided this was the time to do some-
thing about a few things! A number of leading citi-
zens formed a delegation and called upon

"!
