243 Gunnison Valley

In May or June 1866 word was sent from
Brigham Young for the Gunnison settlers to move
their cabins in line for outside walls of a fort, No
sooner said than begun. Four blocks, numbers 13,
14, 20 and 21 (with the: middle intersection at .
todays 2nd West-on Center Street) were enclosed,.
Walls between the cabins were rocked up toa.
height. of. seven feet with peepholes. near the: top.

At each corner circular structures with many.
.peepholes served as lookouts for the watchmen..
There was.a substantial gate on each side in line
with the cross streets, A standing guard.was
maintained night and day. West, on Rocky Point,
a great pile of straw was heaped up ready for |
firing as a warning should any redmen be sighted,
Boys too young to stand ‘guard | ran errands and.
carried food and water to the men on duty.

“In the spring of 1867, when the Indians °°
renewed their sho cking brutality, all of the settle-
ments on the’ Sevier River ‘south of Gunnison had ©
been evacuated and many’of the evacuees were
welcomed to Fort Gunnison, — though some ‘cho se-
other settlements farther north.’ The people frovn
the area of Fayette to the north moved their log”
cabin homes into Gunnison Fort also, “At this’ >.
time President Brigham Young advised the ‘build-
ing of a more substantial fortification at Gunnison.
Militiamen at once commenced work on what was
_ designed to be a splendid structure, : ‘surrounding
the fort and enclosing twelve city blocks, ‘The —
two-story northeast tower of rock; circular in
form, reached a height of about thirteen feet,
the tapering walls of’ which, four feet thick at the
base, had small openings to shoot through.; This
fortification was never finished,: for. the need.for
it subsided before it could be. fully: accomplished.

Settlers came frorn’ both’ north and south to:
Fort Gunnison and as® ‘they came they were wele-<
comed and room provided for them, even house's?
built, Many of the military from ‘thé north were=
stationed there from time to time. A féw stories
that have come down to us from life in Gunnison’
Fort would not be amiss-here.' "After a few weeks
living within its walls, a letter was sent to Presi-
dent Wells (head' ‘Bf the Mormon ‘Battalion in | Utah)

ar

