War Whoops 212

to obey the laws of the land, I would try them
before their bishops for that as readily as I would
if they were to refuse to pay a just debt; and if
they would not repent I would sever them from

the Church and give them over to the laws of the
land. Ido not know that there is one person in the
Territory who would refuse to perform military
duty, there are strangers in our midst, but I ve ry
much doubt if one could be found who would refuse
to do military duty. . ."

The history of the Black Hawk War is filled
with incidents of the killing of men, women and
children without warning or a chance to defend
themselves, During the first year alone it was
estimated that the Indians drove off as plunder
2,000 head of cattle and horses and killed between
30 and 40 whites, Manti became the center of
activities against the redmen, although they were
pursued and attacked in many different locations.
General Warren Stone Snow was given full com-
mand of the Sanpete military district in 1865 and
played a conspicuous part in the war, Nauvoo
Legion cavalry companies from Davis, Salt Lake,
Utah and other northern counties made Manti their

headquarters on many occasions to assist him and
his men in their efforts to save

perty of their fellow sufferers,

Oct. 17th of that year, Martin Pedersen
Kuhre and wife, Elizabeth Petersen, William
Thorpe, Soren N, Jespersen, Benj. J, Black
and William T. Hite were killed by Indians led by
Chief Black Hawk, This happened near the settle-
ment of Ephraim, Sanpete Co, » Six miles north of
Manti, This was the last raid of the year in that
area, as the Indians there, well supplied with
"Mormon beef" for the winter, withdrew to their
hideouts in the mountains. But the Indian War
continued in the warmer parts of southern Utah
and a number of the smaller Settlements there
were abandoned by the settlers,
of these cunning natives could not Safely be mini-
mized, let alone be regarded with disdain or
contempt, Otherwise inefficient, these redmen
were dangerously proficient in their specialized
skill, the art of war. Their guerrilla tactics kept

the lives and pro-

The campaigns
