Joseph 520

and kind, not only to his family, friends and asso-
ciates but to the less fortunate as well, His son
Virgil remembers their mother Roxie telling about
how good their father always was to the many
Indians that came through Gunnison begging in
those early days. He never turned them down but
always gave them flour, meat, fruit, potatoes, or
anything else he had on hand. He was also very
generous and considerate of the Japanese people
who often worked for him on his farm west of
Gunnison, raising sugar beets, etc. He built
them a farm house on his land by Rocky Point,

in which to live.

Beneath Joseph's somber surface bubbled an
ever-ready ''dry wit!'', much like his father's,
Virgil tells a story that is typical of this:-- "Joseph
went down town to a movie one night in Gunnison
and slept through the whole show. When he came
out he asked the manager, Mr. Duggins, for his
money back. Duggins of course wanted to know
the reason and Joseph said, 'If a show isn't good
enough to keep a fellow awake it isn't worth the
money, '!

Joseph never neglected his church duties.
The early Gunnison Ward records show that he was
born 7 Mar. 1871; blessed 6 Apr. 1871 by Jens
Jensen; bapt. 25 July 1880 by Thomas Williams
and confirmed the same day by F. W. Blom;
ordained a Deacon, then a Teacher and finally a
Priest in the Aaronic priesthood, the latter being
7 Jan. 1893. Other L. D. S. church records
indicate that Joseph was ordained an Elder in the
Melchizedek priesthood 3 Sept, 1893 by James
Jensen; ordained a Seventy 21 Nov. 1893 by Brig-
ham H, Roberts, and on 10 Aug. 1902 he was
ordained to the office of High Priest by George
Teasdale, The same day he was set apart as
Second Counselor to Bishop A, C. Madsen in the
Gunnison Ward bishopric. In 1903 he was ordained
a Bishop and set apart to preside over the Gunnison
Ward as its fifth bishop, This calling he filled well
for nine years, Later he became a member of the
Gunnison Stake High Council and also an active
member of Gunnison Stake High Priests quorum,
and was serving as that organization's class leader
