813 Everett Hale

distress, It seems like the poor, dear boy must
suffer all the torture that a human being can endure.
Gentry was up here this evening but Hale couldn't
talk to him; he was under the influence of morphine,
We are doing everything we can for him but it is .
very little we can do it seems. Feb. 20 - We
are all well with the exception of Hale. He is very
in and is getting very weak.

poorly, having much pa
weeks,

He has eaten scarcely anything for three
Still he is that gentle, loving, appreciative soul,
scarcely ever complaining even in his pain.

Feb. 25 - I have been here with Hale the greater
part of this week, The way he has acted during
this terrible sickness has not only been a wonder
but a great inspiration. While my heart bleeds for

him continually, I cannot help but be most proud

of him."

Hale passed away the morning of Mar. 9,
1929. A letter written that same day by his
brother Phillip to loved ones in Washington D. C.
is quoted here:- ‘It's a wonderful brother that is
gone to a better world. Iam thankful that I have
had the opportunity and blessing of knowing him as
Ihave. It will help me be a much better person.
He would have made a wonderful person to carry
on our work here. . . I'm no flowery writer but I
surely feel that Hale is filling a purpose by doing
what he has done. I feel that back in the other
world Hale volunteered to do this thing that he has
done for some deep object and that his age enabled

him to see it through. . ."

And Father wrote:- "Hale's was 4 wonderful
struggle to win health again, but it could not be. «
While my judgment had been convinced for some
time that he could not recover, my feelings

remained unconvinced to the last day. But his
h that I could not desire

last day's struggle was suc
him to continue the fight longer. He remained con-
scious until about the last, although his fever was
about up to 107 and he had been given about 28
grains of morphine during the last day and night. .
1 hero through it all and while I

should gladly have given what was left of my days
to have him spared, yet I feel a comfort and pride
in the way he bore his cross throughout this terrible
