555 Albert

granddaughter, Colleen Keeler, and I drove back
to attend the Republican National Convention in
Philadelphia the summer of 1948. Dad was an
official delegate from Utah to that convention which
nominated Thomas E, Dewey for the U. S. Presi-
dency. Dad was a lifelong Republican and it was
quite a blow when he and Dewey awoke to find that
Harry Truman had won the election. There were
SO many other Republican defeats during those
years that election day, until Eisenhower's victory,
was always followed by a time of gloom at our
house. To me, Dad was "Mr. Republican of Utah"
and I feel that our nation would be better off if
there were more as sincerely and vitally interested
in politics as he."

The proud Lincoln car came to a rather
unceremonious end. The Provo Herald of Friday
June 4, 1954, carried the story:-- "Judge and Mrs,
A. H. Christenson, Orem, and two grandchildren
narrowly escaped death late Thursday when their
car overturned in a canal. The car rolled over
two and a half times and landed upside down in
Carterville canal. Mr. Christenson, 81, was
Pinned against the floor of the overturned car,

'Mrs, Christenson, seeing the outstretched
hands of one granddaughter, Kay Webster, as she
clung to the front car seat, hauled her through the
water filled top of the car, which rested on the
bottom of the canal, and up to air and light. She
pushed the button, rolling down the car windows,
and helped the little girl out onto the canal bank.
Still a prisoner herself, she helped the second
little granddaughter, Sue Webster, to duck under
the water and up out of the window. However, it
was impossible for the two older persons to get
out of the half submerged car without aid, so she
urged the drenched children, shivering on the bank,
to call for help. An unidentified motorist stopped.
One boy in the car assisted Judge and Mrs.
Christenson in freeing themselves and the other

drove off to get help.

"The grandchildren, daughters of Reed J.
and Norma C. Webster of Salt Lake City, had just
arrived for a vacation with their grandparents and
the four were on their way to Provo Canyon for
