Yesterday's Windows 370

I remember how long it seemed to take before
everyone was arranged just so, and how hot the

sun was, Some children kept squirming around as
the photographer, under his black camera cover,
tried to adjust his equipment. Other children ran
here and there and had to be constantly brought
back. The ground where I sat was so hard it was
difficult to find a comfortable way of sitting. I put
my legs out straight in front of me and mother
Jennie said, ''Sit with crossed legs dear, like

your cousins,'' Itried for a time but got tired - so
put my knees up. Mother said, ''Put your legs
down dear, it isn't nice to sit like that.'' I put my
legs down. ''Why can't Elaine and I change places?'!
I complained. ''Why does she have to sit on a chair
with the big people?'' I might have known this was
the only way they could keep her in tow, Sherman
kept pulling off his starched cap and father kept
putting it back on his head - Dad was so proud of
that little Buster Brown suit mother had made |
from "Indian Head", Mother had a brush and
every time I squirmed she smoothed down my hair
with it. I was so envious of Ruth Ellen's ringlets,
tied up with a bow, and Edith's long ribbon-tied
braids - not a hair out of place! Byron kept reach-
ing over and pulling LaFaun's long crimped hair
until Aunt Emma slapped his hands, A, Owen kept
whining for a drink until the other children took up
the refrain and Aunt Vena went and brought a dipper-
ful of water from the well and each took a sip, as
far as it went - "Don't dare drink too much" Aunt
Elsie warned sharply! Several tries were made
but every time the picture-taking-man went to snap,
some child made a dash out of the lineup. Grand-
father had to hold Melrose down between his knees
to keep him from running. At last, when all
seemed serene and ready and the big moment had
come, the photographer held up his hand and pre-
pared to shoot and we were about to be taken, when
it was discovered that Elmer and Roy were missing -
there they were up in the tree! How that photograph
ever turned out so well I'll never know, for only
grandmother looked frazzled in it, although most
of the others must have felt that way before the end,
And guess what? Iwas caught with my knees up -
Wouldn't: you know it?
