Norhaa 88

all his nieces no matter how big they had grown.

Friends from school and the neighboring
farm cottages came too, to sit, or walk and talk
with the Andersen youths, but there were few
young men among them. Mette had her eyes peeled
for marriageable males for her daughters; she had
four of them to worry about and Karen now was of
the age, and soon Else. Mor sometimes spoke of
marriage to them and dwelt on the importance of
being wed to someone from the better class; --
"for when you choose your life's mate", she coun-
seled, "it is the whole future of your own blood

that you are choosing."' To Else this, for her,
seemed far in the future.

3. BESTED. « « [862-1865

It so happened that the late autumn of 1862
found Else enrolling in the Folk High School at
Bested (sometimes written as Bedsted), one of
the larger places in Thisted Amt, though not a
big one as cities go. Though it was only four or
so miles due south of Norhaa, across Oveso and
down, one had to travel there around the lake some
twelve miles east past Snedstrup, then turning
south at Stagstrup on southwest past several small
farm villages to the town of Hassing, and from
there still a bit farther west, Anders took her in
the wagon, for she had so many things, and gave
her the fee for her registration. She was to live
at the school with the other students and assist in
the cooking, cleaning, or anything else required of
her, for this was the custom then at those schools.
Though she hoped to spend Yule vacation at home,
there were tears when Else bid her father goodby -
how she would miss him! She had brought along
her little identification book with the official seal
upon it; 'twas the first time she had found occasion
to use it since receiving it soon after her confirma-
tion. She was really an adult now, away on her own
at boarding school in a city of some size, with her
very own roommates. But afterall she was soon
sixteen - many Danish girls were married by that age.

The Folk High Schools of Denmark had been
