Kobbe rod 150

were happening in the world and important decisions
were being made,

Seventeen days following the assassination of
Abraham Lincoln, while the world still mourned
his passing, an event took place near Kobberod,
Denmark, which was to change the lives of many
people. On May Ist, 1865 a small group of Danish
people wended their way down a green sloping bank
to a cove of water which had stolen away from the
main body of the Limfjord into a nook of the land
there. Here it lay, sheltered from the wind and
prying eyes, sunning itself. Among the group who
came to disturb its placid waters that beautiful
spring day were all of the members of the Chris-
tensen family of Kobberod, except the eldest son
Christen, their governess, Else K. Andersen, the
missionary Lars N. C, Myrup and his companion,
and several others who had come, like the rest,
either as spectators or for baptism. Two of the
Christensen family were prepared to enter the
waters of baptism that day: the mother, Karen
Lauritzen Christensen and the eldest daughter
Maren. Karen was eager to be first for she had
waited so long for that precious moment when she
could become a real member of the L. D, S,
church. She was baptized and then confirmed by
Elder Myrup, assisted by his missionary com-
panion. Maren came next and it was also Elder
Myrup who baptized and confirmed her a member,
Others from the small congregation assembled
there on the banks of the cove were also baptized
and confirmed, and then the simple services were
ended. The gentle Karen had been given one of her
greatest desires in life, yet she was grieved because

her husband and her sons had failed to be baptized
that day.

Christen senior had been seriously consider-
ing the step for quite a while. In fact the urge to
be baptized had kept yanking at his coattails for
weeks but his Danish stubbornness had kept halding
him back. Why hadn't he thought of the whole thing
first? The night following his wife's baptism, as
he and she were preparing to retire, Karen spoke

to him of the great peace that had come into her
heart with the administration of those holy
