Time's Hourglass 460

were having a fine time. Sorena's son and daugh-
ter, by her first marriage, were pleased with
Laurs and they got along well together whenever
they had the opportunity to meet, Laurs' and
Else's children welcomed Sorena with open arms, -
"It is the best thing that could have happened to
father now'', they said, She responded with love
and treated them all as her own, The grandchildren
too were showered with her attention, as evidenced
by two beautiful ''star'! quilt tops she pieced and
sent to me as a token of affection.

Sorena, like Laurs, had been born in Denmark
and also came to Zion for the Gospel's sake, She
and a brother came over together, leaving parents,
family and friends. Much of her research remained
to be done, as well as her temple work, and Laurs
was able to help her a great deal with these, She
helped him with his also - and with Else's, When
he had word from Denmark of Else's sister Marie's
death, 7 Mar. 1925, and again of Else's sister
Karen's passing exactly a year and eight days later,
15 Mar. 1926, Sorena went to the temple and did
the work for them when their time was right.

But time passes and people get old. The one
who never grows old, ''Peter Pan", lives only in
'"Never-Never Land", The long hard school of life
began to close inon Laurs, He became ill of a
diabetic condition which settled in his toes and
gradually spread, He suffered a great deal for
many months. Excerpts from his son Albert's
recollections printed in ''The Hard Rich Soil", in
the form of letters mostly written to his son Sher-
man, tell much of his father's suffering in his last
days, as follows:--

"16 July 1928, Grandfather Christensen is:
quite ill. I'm afraid he won't be here long, He
would like to live he says, but if his time has
come he is ready to go. . . 4 Aug. 1928. Grand-
father Christensen is very ill and I don't know how
much longer the life forces can sustain him, He is
a wonderfully fine type of man, You may well be
proud of your grandfathers, . . 18 Aug. 1928.
Grandfather is still doing very poorly and he is
quite discouraged, Grandmother Christensen is
very fine to him and we all appreciate her. She is
