113 Bested

and caps for the men, they all walked together a
mile or so through snowy lanes to the meeting
hall, close to the outskirts of the city, Others
were present there when they arrived, but they
were few in numbers and mostly women.

They sang a hymn and someone opened with
prayer and then, following the Sacrament, names
of the newly baptised members were announced
and each stood up. Elder Hansen was in charge
and introduced the speaker, Elder Soren Jensen,
President of the Aalborg District, ‘an obedient
and faithful servant of the Lord and a great
missionary" he called him. Elder Jensen smiled,
stood up and, opening his Book of Mormon, started
reading from Alma 5:37-40: 'O ye workers of
iniquity: Ye that are puffed up in the vain things
of the world" (he skipped around some) -- "if ye
are not the sheep of the good shepherd, of what _
fold are ye? Behold I say unto you, that the devil
is your shepherd, and ye of his fold; and now, who
can deny this?" -- ''For J say unto you that what~
soever is good cometh from God, and whatsoever
is evil cometh from the devil. "'

Then, of a sudden, there was such commo-
tion and clamoring outside it was as if the war had
broken loose again -- shouting, swearing, and
pounding of things; nothing could be heard above
the din of it! Elder Jensen held up his hand to
stay the congregation, who would have jumped
from their seats. A rock came crashing through
a window, then another. The door at the back of
the worshipers was flung open and lights from
torches leaped at the ceiling behind, Were they
to be baptised in fire now? thought Else. Now
they were frozen to their seats with fright.

Stones began to fly, someone pounded as if to
knock the hall to pieces, and all the time the
yelling and cursing went on! Else thought
suddenly of the young male students at the school
and their threats she had heard so recently; could
they have followed her? She clutched her shawl
more closely about her face; -- dared she look
behind? Windows were being smashed again and
it sounded as if everything loose back there was
being hacked up and flung out into the gutter. The
