Yesterday's Windows 356

in their successes and triumphs, we mingle our
existence with theirs, and seem to belong to their

tt!
age. --Daniel Webster

So many have participated in remembering.
In her memoirs Aunt Elsie tells of her father:--
"While father could not do heavy work in his later
years, he did his share in caring for the home
whenever mother was away. He held many posi-
tions of trust in early day Gunnison, After the
railroad came to the valley he was freight collector
for a number of the mercantile establishments,
including the co-op store where he was also watch-
man for many years, He also hauled freight to
Manti and other areas, He was a school trustee
for years too. He eventually held the office of
High Priest in the church, being ordained to this
office on 7 Aug. 1904, and in the early part of the
twentieth century was called to receive a special
blessing in the Manti Temple because of his faith-
fulness in his calling in the priesthood, Our home
was a happy and congenial one and father was
especially kind. He never lost his temper, Both
father and mother were devout people, busy raising
and providing for their large family but always
giving help to neighbors or wherever help was
needed, practicing honesty in their dealings with
man and God,"

Tresia remembers how grandfather used to
run races with the children and walk on his hands
to entertain them. Some of his grandchildren
recall how he used to perch them on his foot or
knee and bounce them up and down in ride-a-cock-
horse fashion to the rhythm of a Danish rhyme he
chanted, ''Ride, ride ranke - hesten hedder Blanke -
fdllet hedder Abilgraa-og den skal lile 'Harold
ridepaa'"' and then he'd toss the rider high with
much merry laughter; and whether it was Harold,
Elmer, Roy, A. Owen, Lucien, Wendell, Byron,
or one of the little girls who rode, each always
clamored for more, Sometimes he pulled in fun
at the children's fingers, one by one, as he tried
to teach them the Danish names for each - Tommel-
tot, Slikkepot, Langemand, Guldbrand and Lille
Peder Spillemand. Yes, grandpa Laurs always
