Brown Kit 282

this lady had been duly cautioned to "keep the little
ones from the water!'' The children must have
been a handfull for Sister Anderson at best. In
Elsie C, Bartholomew's history she tells something
of her reaction at being left at home:-- ''At the age
of four I became tired of home life, mother having
gone to Salt Lake City to study how to take care of
the sick. Sister Anderson, who was caring for the
family in mother's absence, did not please me; so

I took my belongings and went through our garden

to the next lot where the Mortensons lived, They
were grandma and grandpa to me, When I got there
I had lost one of my hand knit stockings, I retraced
my steps back to our garden and there it was, hang-
ing on a gooseberry bush,"

Else K. Christensen must have had a great
deal of confidence in her own capacity, or a great
deal of determination, or both. Though she had
made no prearrangements and had arrived at the
railroad station in Salt Lake City that llth of May
1879, practically a stranger, she seemed to know
exactly where she was going. Whether it was shown
her in a dream (as some have said) or had come to
her through inquiry or in some other manner, we
cannot say. Truly she was gifted with dreams and
great spiritual insight - who are we to say how she
knew her way then? Be that as it may, she went
directly to the home of an aged woman doctor of
medicine originally from Denmark, knocked on
the door, introduced herself, stated her mission
and, after only a moments hesitation, was admitted
by the elderly doctor herself, for she lived alone.
Else was without sufficient money for board and
room for any length of time at all, let alone any to
pay for medical instruction; yet here she was in
the home of this talented lady asking for these
very services,

Nicolene Olsen, Doctress and Midwife, was
suffering from an ailment of long-standing and had
discontinued her practice years before. She had
taken female students into her home from time to
time since then however, to train them in the art
of children's diseases, obstetrics and general
medicine, in which she had specialized, This she
now had also ceased to do, vowing to teach no more
