931 Mabel Norma

of my father and the second of my.mother. I have
few recollections of living in Manti however, since
we moved to Provo when I was nearing two-and-a-
half. Less than a year later we moved to Orem,
Utah and lived on an 84 acre farm which became
home to,me during the rest of my growing-up years.

"Climbing up the steep, dark basement steps
on my first visit to that home in Orem still clings
to my memory. Other features that were to
influence our daily lives were the outdoor toilet a
considerable distance from the house down by the
chicken coops; the water pump just a few feet from
the back porch from which all our culinary water
was obtained, and damp cloths over perishable
food placed in the open. kitchen window as a means
of refrigeration. But despite what seems to be
primitive conditions to us today, I remember no
feelings of frustration for lack of conveniences,
except when the roosters would chase me on my
desperate dash to what‘I called the 'lugly tote’.

'My sister Kathryn's arrival was.aijoyous
occasion, but during mother's stay in the hospital
the news arrived that her sister Ida had been killed..
Her home was right across the street from ours'in
Manti. The fall after Kathryn's birth I’started
school at the Spencer Elementary, thoroughly
primed by both Father and Mother as to the
importance of an education. Though I didn't
always feel the need of bringing home a straight
'A' report card, yet I can never remember being
flippant about the grades I received,

''As the middle of my second grade year
came it was suggested to my parents that I, along
with three others, be promoted to third grade then
and there. In spite of brother Phil's special ep.
home from the U of U to try and prevent this, (he
knew of what he spoke, having had three special.
promotions himself) I found myself in the world.
of third graders. But often the emotional maturity
of a child is not sufficient to cope with such social
changes, and looking back I find that I was a prime
example, It seems I was always at odds with my
friends and ended up playing with youngsters
either younger or older.
