405 Prophecies Fulfilled

prayer and dedicated the hill to become a home of
a sacred temple of God.

"Years passed. Seasons of eternal Snows
and thawing winds swept the hillside. A few more
cedars came out of the deep canyons to keep watch.
Only the red-men visited the gray hill. Centuries
of waiting followed, but these did not darken the
gray hill's memory of the Nephite prophet's visit
nor of its own glorious destiny... And again it
was November - a Crisp Indian summe€T? day. The
gray hill, wide-eyed with wonder, Saw in the
distance a caravan of strange people approaching.
White-topped wagons wo rmed their way across the
valley and drew halt under the very foot of the
plain gray hill - and here they made their camp.
When all were asleep late that night the cold
breath of winter came out of the west, turning the
enchanting colors of autumn to withe red blackness
much as fire would char. Everything in the valley
became covered by an ermine blanket of snow an
lay cold and white - eve rything except the watchful

green cedars on the gray hill. Next day the people

went to the gray hill and dug out warm homes for
le-lipped women.

the whimpering children and purp
The happy hill felt the comfort of these pioneers
within it.

"Winter waned and days began to lengthen
and warm. The hill became worried and fretful
for it knew that when spring came thousands of
rattlesnakes would crawl from its crevices and
challenge the dugout homes of the pioneers, and
it was helpless to give aid. It could only hide its
ugly, muddy face and bear the humiliation. Would
the gray hill's promised destiny never be fulfilled
then? Yet, when the dreadful day came, these
men and women valiantly met the challenge of the
poisonous fangs and slew the snakes by the hundreds.
No one was bitten or injured. But ‘ere long the
redmen came to torment and kill and the pioneers
found their dugout homes insufficient protection.
The gray hill could help this time, for she gave
the stone needed to build 4 strong fort that saved
many lives when Chief Blackhawk was on the
warpath,

"In spite of all, the pioneer colony grew and
