307 Brown Kit

There can be no question but that God has accepted
the Manti temple at the hands of his Saints and will
bless all who have in any degree assisted to build

it or who, not having the means to assist, have

said in their hearts, 'I would have helped if {

could. '' (This quote was taken from The Millennial
Star, Vol. 50, No. 26, p. 405.) Perhaps some
said then, doubting, as some may Say Now, '"See-
ing's believing" - but did not Christ say, "one

must believe to see''?

It is hard to think other than that the
Christensens and their relatives from Gunnison
were present at the dedication of the Manti
Temple, Christen, Anne, Pauline, Lars Myrup,
Laurs and even Else must have been in attendance,
though it took place just four days before the death
of Else's patient, the mother Sarah Madsen,
Possibly they were among those who heard the
invisible choir, or saw heavenly beings seated
among them. Less than six months later most of
the above took advantage of the marvelous oOppor-
tunity and entered that magnificent edifice again,
this time to do work in behalf of some of their
departed loved ones. The "Spirit of Elijah" re sted
upon them and the importance of "work for the
dead'' was made manifest unto them. There was
no excuse for them to neglect this work now that
they had a temple near at hand; if they did, they
did it "at the peril of their own salvation'', as the
prophets had said. In speaking of these things
during the dedication of the St. George Temple,
Brigham Young had stated:-- ''Those who can see
the spiritual atmosphere can see that Many are
still glued to the earth. They are lusting and

longing for the things of the earth, in which there
is no profit. While we ought to look after temporal

things, we should devote them all to the kingdom

of God, Where are the hearts of the people; where
are their forefathers? What are they doing for
their own salvation and for that of their forefathers ?
. If we were awake to this great truth this house
would be crowded from Monday morning until
Saturday night. . . This temple has been built

that people can come and labor for their salvation
and that of their progenitors. . . What do you
Suppose the fathers would say if they could speak
