449 Time's Hourglass

duties as housewife inthe Albert Christensen
home, she was washing dishes and using a new
styled wire dish-dryer in which to dry them, con-
sidering this more sanitary than the old dishtowel
method besides being a real time saver, Else
came to call at that moment and stood inthe kitchen
doorway watching this operation, hands on hips.
Finally she said, ''Sarah has von of doze', Myrtle
replied, 'Yes I know; she saw mine and liked it so
well that she got herself one right away.'' Else
stood looking for awhile and then she stated very
positively, ''Vell me, I vill alvays vipe my dishes!"
There was no "beating around the bush" with Else
K. She called a spade a spade and an axe an axe.
One always knew where she stood.

In the meantime Laurs and Else went on
with their temple work for their dead kinfolk, In
June of 1921 she was privileged to do the work for
her dear departed sister Stine in the Manti Temple,
She likely hoped to outlive her other sisters and
her brother Mads in order to be able to do the
same for them when their time came. They were
all still living the last of April 1922, when a letter
was sent to Laurs and Else from Denmark, by
Mads' youngest daughter, Edel Hvid. FoHowing
is a translation of the same:--

"Tingstrup, Thisted, Denmark
29 April 1922

"Dear Aunt and Uncle:

"Thanks for your long, dear letter which we
were all so happy to read, Aksel is going to take
a trip home in the month of June when it is Uncle
and Aunt, Mikkel and Karen Skaarup's yellow |
(golden) wedding anniversary festival, This is.

a little late to send you an invitation but it would
be fine if you could come and surprise them on
this day. It is the longest day of the year (21
June) but you remember that of course - your
memory is good, .

"T will tell you a little about father's birth-
day the nineteenth of last March. The day began -
with delightfully calm, mild weather and sun the
whole day. We had five guests for dinner, We
had first soup with dumplings and then ox steak
