Emma 594

Gunnison, and then in Axtell for two winters (1899-
1901). Cousin Lillian J, Peterson remembers that
' Emma lived at their home in Axtell during those
two winters and that the last winter, when she her-
self was five, Emma took her to school with her.
She writes: - 'Cousin Emma was my first school
teacher and I can remember very well that we
walked a mile to school. The first words I wrote
she hugged and kissed me right in the school room;
it seems like it was just yesterday."

After that Emma taught in Fayette, some six
miles north of Gunnison, and likely taught there
two years also, It seems that it was during that
time that she began to be seriously courted by a
young Swede named Charles Peter Peterson of
Gunnison. Emma was a very pretty girl with dark
hair and dark blue eyes, being the only real dark
haired child in the Christensen family. She had
rosy cheeks and a natural high coloring to her fair
skin. She was rather tall in stature and possessed
a sweet, loving, gentle disposition very much like
that of her father; yet she was very "outgoing" like
her mother and so eager to help and please. —

Charles was tall, dark, slender and handsome.
He also had a very gentle and understanding nature,
although he was quite a tease. He and Emma made
a very nice looking couple. Tresia remembers that
"Charlie" courted Emma in a fine one-horse rig
and brought her boxes of chocolates which she
stashed away in her bureau drawer where Tresia
and Vena, like little mice, got into them. But
Charles had one big drawback which loomed high
in Emma's mind, He was not a member of the
church and some of his people were even real bitter
towards it. But real love conquers all. In time
Charles qualified to join the LDS Church and on
Wed. 30 Sept. 1903 he took her in his fancy rig to
the Manti Temple and they were wed, He was
eleven months and two days younger than Emma,
being then twenty-five, while she was twenty-six.
But for nearly one month every late spring they
were of the same age.

Following a wedding party held the night of
their wedding, at her parents' home, Charles took
Emma to live in the home he had on his Bar CC
