Louis 620

after this shadow - but it got away through the lilac
bushes and over the fence before we could get to it.

"On Feb. 5, 1959, Dad visited with me at my
house, as he often did when he was home in Lyman.
He seemed the same as usual - very relaxed and
calm. He talked to me for a couple of hours then
I guess, while I cleaned my day's gathering of eggs:
He told me at this time that he had dreamed about
mother, his earnestness showing in his face. He
seemed a little embarrassed to tell of something so
close to his heart. He said that in this dream, or
whatever it was, it seemed as though mother was
standing in front of him, her feet not touching the
floor. He said her being there didn't seem like a
dream but a reality and he was So happy to see her
that he began crying a little and then said to her:
‘Hello Sweetheart', She answered, 'Hello Lou -
I'm going to bring you a present in a little while
dear'. He Said, 'Oh darling, all I want is you!'

At this mother smiled a little and then just faded
away. 'I don't know what she meant', said Dad
then, 'but it Surely seemed good to see her.' Then
he looked over at me and said he hoped he hadn't
worried or embarrassed me by telling me of this
and I told him I was glad he had. Dad then said,
'It's time you fed your chickens for night isn't lee“
I looked up at the clock - it was 3:30 p.m. 'Yes,
I guess I'd better feed them and then go up and get
Beth from work', I said, and then we both left the
house, he going towards his house and I out to the
Coops to feed the chickens. ‘Well, I'll see you

later dear' he said and I answered, 'Ok, and T'11
see you’,

"The next morning, Feb, 6, 1959, Ihad been
to work at the school house (driving bus) and had
also taken Beth there to her work. I usually
gathered my eggs three times a day to cut down
on breakage, so I went out to the coop to gather
eggs. As I walked across the floor to the far end
of the coop I spotted an ©€gg onthe floor. Ihad _
stooped over to pick it up when the strangest feeling
of foreboding came over me - like the time the
boiler blew up onthe ranch, JI don't know how long
I stood there puzzled, knowing Something was wrons
Somewhere, when suddenly I walked out of the cooP
