Phillip Van Buren 868

wire used by the armed services, Although the
case of war fraud was uncontrovertably established,
the company itself was given a 'clean bill of health',
The guilty officers pleaded guilty and were given
suspended sentences, but there was much bitterness
and criticism because they were not sent to jail. It
was while working on this case that I first became
acquainted with Tom Clark, Justice of the United
States Supreme Court, who was head of the war
fraud unit of the dept.

"We subsequently moved to Fort Wayne,
Indiana, where I became resident agent, which was
a wonderful job. We were there almost a year and
liked it, although our living accomodations left
much to be desired, Iwas involved in investiga-
tions of communist activities in the large plants
in the area: International Harvester, Farnsworth
Television, General Electric, etc. Iwas transfered
out of Fort Wayne upon very short notice because of
threats being made against my safety. We were
sent to Newark, New Jersey in 1944. My work
there made me begin to yearn for the west, When
Bryce became ill we requested a transfer, although
we had many fast friends there among the agents
and their wives.

"Requests for transfers were not always
honored and often resulted in the cancelling of the
next raise. Iwill never forget the wonderful letter
of transfer written by Director Hoover, who wrote
something like this:- 'It has come to my attention
that due to the illness of your young son you have
requested a transfer to a warmer climate, I have
this day issued orders that you be immediately
transferred to Los Angeles, California’, and then
he gave his best wishes. Not long after our arrival
in Los Angeles I received a raise, Hoover was a
wonderful director. He was very strict but very
fair, and in meritorious cases he certainly did the
best he could to heip his employees.

"We bought a lovely three-bedroom home in
Los Angeles near the intersection of Pico and
Overland, I was assigned mostly to bank robbery
investigations, I recall with some nostalgia the
cases involving the 'Paper Bag Bandit', the 'Pin
Stripe Bandit', and the long search for a man called
