377 Destiny Takes a Hand

yet another year, for he had also been making plans
to return to Europe and take up the studies that had
been interrupted by Adelbert's death. This time

he wanted to take his family along, and it would be
better to wait until their new little daughter, Elsie
Eliza, was a little older and thus better able to
travel. If they themselves would wait another

year, they could all go over together !

Laurs and Else pondered Andrew's advice
and decided to wait. Then Else wrote the exciting
news to her loved ones in Jutland, for she could
not keep it, and Laurs wrote to them also and to
his brother Christen. -- Oh that they two should
meet once again in this life! It didn't take long at
all for letters to come back from some of Else's
loved ones, all inthe same envelope, and she and
Laurs read them aloud to each Other in Danish, as
they were written, and rejoiced for they knew they
would see the writers in person 'ere long. Follow-
ing are translations of these letters:

"'Thorsted, Denmark
15 April 1909

"Dear sister and family:--

Thank you very much f
a great joy to allof us. But
a little ashamed because I haven't written for so
long. I have often thought about it. Yes, dear
sister, I, like you, pray for us Old Ones and the
Young Ones too and thank the good Lord our Father
for all his gracrious gifts to us. It is almost more
than I can believe that you can take that long journey
again, but may it be a successful one and know that
here will be joy and that we will take care of you
as well as we can. We still live in our home.
Mikkel is well and can go about both home and out-.
side and the same is true ofme. We have Fred-
erick, Maren and Holger home and those who are
out are doing fine too. We don't have as Many
grandchildren as you but we only have two who are
married so it is understandable that we are in
lesser number, Jens has nine healthy children
and Kristian one who is two years old, Yes, when
you get to Thorsted you can visit all of your family.
Sister Marie and brother Lars are fine but I guess
they will write, I am sending a view of sister

or your letter, it was
I will admit that I feel
