Andrew Sie

reflective spirit of the Sabbath was kept. It was
then Sarah attended church and read to her girls, d;
or tried to, though she inevitably nodded and dozees
and they, sensing her need for rest, were left to
revel in the peace of the day.

Sarah worked up quite a business making a
Temple clothes, for which there was much ee :
But after many years with her sewing and severé
with her boardinghouse, her eldest daughter, ent
Edythe, became seriously ill. By mutual agree™ rt
Sarah and her two youngest daughters became 4 a
of Edythe's household in order to help in the oe z
her five small children, Edythe had poor health 2
years, during which time her mother managed he?
household in the efficient way she always had het
own. But it was a worry for her to have Edythe
down so much. Part of a letter written by her
Si ster-in-law, Millie, to her daughter Gladys at
Christmas time 1943 tells something of this:

". . . Lwent to the hospital yesterday - took Aunt
Sarah with me. Edythe had another serious ope*4”

tion six weeks ago and as yet no one except her
family are allo

wed to see her, Aunt Sarah said
they had taken the nerves from her spine - she
Seems awfully worried about he r,"

''From the early days of her marriage Sarah
was a participating member of the Relief Society
and many times served as its president in her
locality. No means are available to measure het
humanity through this organization, in visiting,
service, giving and sharing with people in need-
More readily observable, however, was her life-
long trait of personal giving. From her garden®:
kitchen and sewing room came the gifts for her

generosity - the bouquet of flowers, the spicy pan
of rolls,

Or the embroidered pillow cases that
always h

‘S$ had a way of finding the new mother, the
Shut-in, or the grandchild,

"While home and Sarah were nearly synoPy”
mous, her mind continually sought the new, the
young and exciting, the current, She studied the
fashions and kept her wardrobe abreast of the 44Y°
within the bounds of her maturity. Her most We”
come visitors were her grandchildren and thel? nted
friends, who spoiled her with gay gifts and delig
