Elsie 582

made well many times by faith, prayer and works -
'Praise God from whom all blessings flow. . .')"'

Troubles sometimes come in pairs or more
and this was a very difficult winter for Elsie. Be-
sides her worrisome illness, she and her husband
had had a serious misunderstanding. Elsie was a
very proud woman and this must have been very
difficult for her to bear. Alma continued to stay
away with the sheep and Elsie struggled with her
problems alone. But she was not of pure blooded
Danish extraction for nothing - her determination
(some call it stubbornness) knew no bounds. Be-
sides, as she has stated, she had much faith in
prayer. She continues with her own history:--
"We sold our lovely home to my brother Arthur
Christensen and took his old home, which had once
belonged to brother Chris, in onthe deal. Here
the children and I moved the latter part of 1915 -
Alma was with the sheep.

"On 27 Mar. 1916 the children and I and my
brother Lou's family left Gunnison by train headed
for Lyman, Wyoming. The night before we all
stayed at my sister Emma's, since she only lived
about a mile from the depot. We took up a home-
stead about six miles east of Lyman, Wyoming,
rather close to a ranch owned by my brother Chris.
Lou also took up homestead land there and my
brother Andrew and Chris' daughter Pearl, and
later my sister Elvena, making about 2,320 acres
in all which we called 'The Oasis', The children
and I worked hard clearing the sagebrush, doing
some planting of crops and garden and making the
necessary improvements to prove up on our home-
stead property for two difficult summers. In
winters we rented a place in Lyman, Wyoming and
moved into town so the children could go to school,"
A story is told about Elsie when she was living in
Lyman, She was herding her cows as they grazed
on the ditch bank not far from her home there,
taking particular pains to avoid the mud puddles
left by a recent storm. Some people drove up to
her place in a buggy - she wasn't expecting com-
pany. She strained her eyes in their direction and
suddenly she recognized that it was her brother
Arthur and his wife Millie. In her joy she plowed
