Wyoming Interlude 432

the potato patch between us and the house, I sent
Dewey down along the south side of the potato patch
and I went north along the canal. A man ran out of
the northwest corner of the potato patch and I shot
at him in the dark as he was running. I shot at him
a second time as he was near the bank of the canal
and I think I hit him, because I heard the bullet
strike something. We searched along the canal
that night but found no one and it began to rain very
hard and was very dark, The next morning we went
out and found where someone had fallen on some
sagebrush, There were imprints in the mud of
clothing, as though it was corduroy, and there
were footprints; but on account of the rain they
were so that we could not properly measure them.
Tracks of two horses had come together at this
point and it looked as though someone had gotten
on one of the horses and ridden off. Dewey and I
followed the tracks across the bench and from the
creek towards Mr. White's house. We believed
they were the same tracks that we had seen before.
I reported this to the county sheriff's office but no
one came out, But on Monday night Attorney
Mathews was advised by Bishop Rawlins of the
matter and he came to the ranch on Tuesday."

It was quite apparent that someone wished to
make trouble for the Christensens by trying to burn
them out, or at least frighten them into leaving the
place, The anonymous letter received by Louis on
July 14, 1917, though he had paid no attention to it
at the time and destroyed it, not wanting to frighten
his family, had given him three months to move out
or he would be burned down. But the threaténer
had waited only two months to make the attempted
burning. In the newspaper published at Lyman,
the first article in relation to the burning was
under the date of Sept, 25th, mentioning the
attempted fires on the nights of 14th, 20th and 22nd
of September and stating that the County Attorney
and the sheriff were in Lyman on the case by the
25th. The Bridger Valley Enterprise also printed
an account of the threatened burnings, But every-
one in the region was talking about it and rumors
flew thick and fast, Suspects were found on every
hand, centering mostly on one particular crowd.

A certain Mr. So-and-so was said to have made the
