979

"T met your brother-in-law' I said, ‘but he
honestly didn't know I was coming down here. I
just can't believe this happened as it did. In five
minutes I would have left the churchyard when I
met your wife at the gate - just like someone
wanted us to meet!' I wonder now, Virginia, if
the Oxlunds felt the spiritual implications of our
mutual experience as much as Idid. They felt
something - I saw it in their faces as we stared
at each other. They would not let me go. I spent
the rest of the day until my bus was to leave (at
3:30 p.m.) with them. Mr. Oxlund took me to see
the only remaining Christensen in Gettrup, but she
was nota relative. He also contacted the oldest
man in Gettrup who remembered a Christensen
farm there but the family had all moved away.
They took me to see the Parish Priest but he
seemed rather reluctant to look up records when
I wouldn't even give him a date as to when and
where the last Christensens left Gettrup. Both
Mr. and Mrs, Oxlund looked a little perturbed
when I told them Iwas a Mormon and lived in Salt
Lake City; but they were lovely people and very
soon we were talking like old friends,

"Virginia, Gettrup had many beautiful farms
but the town itself was very small. There was a
store, a cafe, a drive-in with its familiar ‘Is Ees',
meaning ice cream, milk nickles, cones, etc.
There is also the lovely old church I mentioned,
Actually though it is a beautiful place! I think
Maren must have wept many times remembering
the green, rolling fields, the Viking mounds, the
Limfjord, the 'West Sea' and the low hanging clouds
drifting in from the ocean, But perhaps it is
greener now than it was in those days.

"It was a wonderful day! Danish homes are
unbelievable clean and beautiful and Mrs, Oxlund's
was particularly lovely! There were draperies
patterned in Danish blues and sill length curtains
of Danish net bordered ina lacy design. Every
piece of furniture, every painting, rug, clock,
etc., seemed to have been chosen because it fit
perfectly into the place or space where it stood
or hung. 'You love blue', I said to her, looking
around; for even the china on her dining room table
