159 Kobberod

write her family of her anticipated emigration.
Actually she planned somehow to go home and tell
them of it - and say goodby. As the time drew
nearer, however, she fled from the thought of it
more and more. How did one say goodby forever?
Yet, when all was said and done, did her activities
really matter very much anymore to those in
Norhaa? Occasionally the girl indulged herself in
moments of self-pity, but then she brushed these
aside by lifting up her voice in the songs of Zion, ©

or by quoting from Psalms, such as:-- "This is a
day that the Lord has made; let us rejoice and be
glad in it'', Then she was comforted and went

bravely ahead, losing herself in the happiness
and plans of others, and in their service,

Soon after the first part of March Else had
a letter from Mads, in which he told of Christen's
death in Norhaa, 29 February that year (1866).
He had suffered much, wrote her surviving brother,
and he also included these statements:-- ''Christen,
in his last days, was stirred to look inward into
‘his sinful heart and consider the Lord's goodness
to repentant sinners and whatever else there is to
believe in, Immediately afterwards, we other
brother and sisters came in touch with the same
way of life through a revival initiated by Grundt-
vig."' So, thought Else, they too,were searching -
for the truth perhaps. But they would never find
it with Grundtvig! Then thinking again of Christen,
she couldn't help but recall the old verse:

‘When the devil is ill, a monk he would be,
But when he is well, the devil is he,'"'.

Then at once she was ashamed and saddened and -
went outside by herself and wept.. Laurs followed
to give comfort and then they walked and talked.»
until they had made their way together to where“.
the land overlooked the water. There, in the’

distance where the winter's ice had given way, ©.
the flying shapes of ships appeared. They them->
selves would soon be sailing! , ait

We are left to our own imaginings as to just
where and when the important words were said
between these two. This being a leap-year, she
might have helped the young man out a bit and
