Mabel Norma 942

the people and beauties of nature about her. In her
example the teachings of true Christianity come
alive, She has a flair for writing but through the
years of toil she has been unable to devote much
time to it and in later years seems to have lost
the desire. Unfortunately, this eldest daughter
has been careless through the years of many
written treasures given by her to me in deepest
love. But may I ever cherish the more intangible
and deeply significant gifts that are mine because
of her.

"Two 'wonderful' years were years of making
quite difficult adjustments. First of all, the time
had come when I had to try to learn how to cook,
For someone who had never prepared a complete
meal, this was no small thing. The results of my
efforts were very obvious by Christmas time and
not entirely commendable - Reed had acquired
twenty pounds and five enormous canker sores,"'

Reed Johnson Webster was born 9 Aug, 1923
in Cedar City, Utah, the son of John Urie and Mary
Elizabeth Johnson Webster. Since the history of
Reed's maturing years is more or less a history
of his married life with Norma and their joint
accomplishments, we include excerpts from this
as follows:

"T believe my first real association with God
came on the battlefields of Germany during World
War II. Though I had come from a good Mormon
home, I had drifted away from activity in the
church at about fourteen years of age. I had taken
with me, however, the knowledge that there was
a God, and as I witnessed the death and destruction
around me, I felt a close association with him. I
talked with him often, and though I felt most
unworthy I never doubted his presence. Proof of
his nearness came to me in a special way on the
morning of April 10, 1945. In an early morning
attack, as I was running along a railroad track,

a shell from a German M-88 shattered my rifle,

my right hand and forearm, and knocked me several
feet across the track. I was momentarily stunned,
but when my eyes fell upon the gaping wound in my
arm I immediately jumped up and ran back looking
for a medic to dress my wound, Five inches of the
