707 Virginia
held yearly at B, Y. U.

I took my ''teacher training" teaching a college
class in harmony, since I planned to graduate at
the end of two terms of summer school the follow-
ing summer. I had kept my grades high and taken
the maximum load, in spite of all the extracurricu-
lar activities in which I had engaged. These extra
activities continued throughout that school year.

Daniel M, Keeler, most always called ''Dan",
came down to Manti on Christmas Eve and gave me
a diamond, We were married during the holidays,
3 Jan. 1923, in the Salt Lake Temple. We had no
reception - this was a difficult time financially for
Father and Aunt Myrtle who, bless their hearts,
did the best for us they could, Father gave me
$100.00 and Aunt Myrtle gave us three or four
new pieced quilts she had just made for the family,
and sewed lingerie for me during the holidays,
working night and day at it although she was
expecting her second child, My "hope chest!'' was
the old family trunk that had been my mother's and
which I still have as a ''costume trunk''. My Uncle
Warren and Kate Snow of Salt Lake City gave us a
wedding supper at their home and we stayed at the
Hotel Utah overnight for our honeymoon, returning
to Provo the next evening and school the following
Monday morning as Mr. and Mrs. .

The extra activities continued as before.
One of the most enjoyable activities of my college
career was taking a lead in Victor Herbert's comic
opera ''The Red Mill", May 14, 1923. My husband
Dan also took a comic lead in that production,
which was mostly a dramatic part in which he
could ''fake'' the singing. I continued on to summer
school for the first term of six weeks but was
forced to drop out for the second term with only
a few more credit hours to go towards my gradua-
tion, Elaine dropped cut for the following winter
and taught in Manti, in hopes that we could both
return to college after my baby (Daniel) was born
and graduate together, But it was twenty-one
years before I returned to B,Y.U. as a student,

In the interim Dan was forced to quit school
and go to work, and we moved to Carbon county,
