Brown Kit 288

This was indeed bad news for the family."' These
crushing losses. during such hard times made a
vivid impression on seven-and-a-half year old
Albert at the time.

For Laurs himself this catastrophe, coupled
with the hardships and emotional strain of the past
few years plus the economic uncertainty and anxiety
of the present, seemed like a last straw. He be-
came despondent and discouraged and his health
and courage began to break, In this unhappy con-
‘dition he seemed, at least momentarily, to have
blamed the Bishop and even the Church itself for |
this misfortune; having, in a quandary to know what
to do with his starving animals that desperate spring,
asked the advice of the Bishop and taken it. Echoing
far off down the musty corridors of time we hear
the words of a somewhat tense domestic drama,
similar to one which reportedly took place in May-
field that spring of 1880... The despairing voice
of Laurs:-- "Let's give it all up and go back to
Denmark where we belong! I'm sick and tired of
the never-ending struggle of it all. Ever since we
left the Old Country we have had little else but
grief, worry, toil and failure!''. . . Then the
answering voice of the oft outspoken Else, weary
with the burden of her tenth child, yet unborn:--

"T gave up my family, home, friends, all that I
then held dear for the sake of the Gospel. I risked
my life with you on the angry sea; I walked by your
side over vast plains and rugged mountains, in the
scorch of sun -- the beat of wind and rain - the
chill of snow; I held my ears to shut out the shrieks
of murdering Indians and pounding of drums, as I
bore your first sons; I have feared for my life and
at times gone hungry; I have slaved and toiled with
you, and born your many children - Ihave buried
one of our own flesh and blood, Now if you think I
am going to 'give it all up', as you suggest, and
take our sons and daughters far away from the
influence and strength and blessings of Zion to
raise, because of an old dead cow, you are not

the man I thought you to be! You may go - but

you will go alone", . . and that ended it.

Discouragement can weaken body and mind
and cause even the spirit to falter at times. Laurs
