Ti Virginia
as ateam. One of the children once said, ''There
is hardly anything that Mother can't ''make up" or
Daddy can't "make", referring at the time to an
M.I.A. roadshow I had concocted that needed as
a backdrop a giant rising moon in action. Dan
made the moon and it was so realistic that old
Ward members still talk about it.

As soon as we were comfortably settled in
Provo I went back to college at B. Y.U. Both
campuses were within easy walking distance of
our home. The requirements for graduation had
increased since I was a student there twenty-one
years before - the classes were 'tstiffer''. I
changed my major from drama to music and took
as many classes each quarter for the next year,
including summer, to secure enough credits for
graduation. The graduation committee voted in
my favor and I understood later that the members
had included the excellent singing of my older
daughters whom I had trained as one of my musi-
cal assets. I graduated in June 1945 with honors.

It was a dream come true !

Our church service did not diminish in Provo.
Dan became a counselor in the Ward Sunday School
Superintendency, a member of the Stake Seventies
Quorum Presidency for many years, and finally
President of the High Priests group in the Ward.
I served on the Relief Society Stake Board as
chorister and directed the Stake 'tSinging Mothers".
l assisted with and sang in the Relief Society Sing-
Centennial Chorus that presented a
concert in the Salt Lake Tabernacle in 1947 under
the direction of Florence J. Madsen. I directed
choruses, plays and roadshows for the ward M.I.A.
and served as Y.L.M.I.A. president, first in the
Fifth Ward, Provo Stake and then, when that Ward
was divided, in the Eighth Ward of East Provo
Stake for well over three years, or until my health
broke. I then served as editor of the Bighth Ward
paper for a year-and-a-half.

In the meantime, besides engaging in some
club and civic work, I trained and accompanied our
two daughters, Jennie and Colleen, in vocal duet

work and they became much in demand for pro-
grams, not only locally but throughout the county.

ing Mothers
