Time's Hourglass 452.

like Elsie and Alma. Their Edythe had recently
returned from two years of study in Boston.

Else also spent time visiting Caroline and
her children, those who were around, while there.
Pearl, of course, she had likely seen in Goshen,
Elmer and Roy were out of the state, working.
Roy in particular was a great help to his mother
in those days in assisting with the support of the
family. Too much can not be said of the faithful-
ness of this boy in behalf of his widowed mother.
Farrald says the family would have had great
difficulty making out if it hadn't been for the finan-
cial assistance of this older brother during those
trying times, and in fact as long as their mother
lived, The three younger children were then at
home attending school and Caroline was able to
spend some time working in the Salt Lake Temple,
which she liked to do, Perhaps Else went through
a session with her while there, as she often did.

Wyoming was Else's next destination for she
had promised Florence she would come and do
some quilting for her, Cold weather was coming
on and Wyoming was well known for its cold
winters, Lewis and Florence were then living in
a fine home in Evanston, where he was still county
sheriff, and doing well. They now had eight living
children, baby Marjorie being two months past a
year. But they also had a grandson, since LaFaun
was married to Benjamin Slagowski and had a five
months old son Louis, Else got to see her fifth
great-grandson while in Evanston, for LaFaun
came from Lyman, where they were living, to
show him off, She and Laurs as yet had no great-
granddaughters, She stayed several weeks in
Evanston. It was quite a long ways away and she
didn't hope to be able to get there very often in
the future.

When the first of November came Else had
had her visit out and was eager to be on her way
home, She had seen most of her descendants, as
well as numerous old friends, and she wanted to
get back to Manti in time to vote in the coming
special election, The train may have seemed to
run slowly.to Else, homeward bound, for there
would be Laurs to greet and tell the news to, and
