Luther Bartholomew 844

cold water flowing past his brilliant sides, I don't
remember if he took that worm, but Ido remember
hundreds since that did.

"It was here on Jan. 29, 1961 Iwas given a
patriarchal blessing in which I was promised I
should never have any broken bones, My family
tell the story of my brothers, Wendell and Sheldon,
wanting to prove this theory. When Mother had
them taking care of me one day, they instigated a
game where one of them tossed me from the hayloft
in the barn to the other who was standing in a wagon
that was half full of hay. Somehow I managed to
slip between the hayloft and the wagon and landed
on the ground, Iwas plenty bruised but no bones
broken, This should have given both of them a very
good testimony.

"From Rexburg we moved to LaVerkin, Utah.
Here I made mud pies, got my Sunday shirts
covered with black cherry juice, caught ground
squirrels, and generally kept my parents busy. I
remember the pool being built at the hot sulphur
springs that were so prevalent there, the sargum
cane which was being made into sargum, the bantum
chickens which were fed from seeds of the sargum
cane, watercress growing in the cold water spring
that flowed into the Virgin River, and the fresh
milk being placed in the cooler for the cream to
rise and be skimmed off and made into butter. I
remember that the older kids trapped possums,
coyotes, bob cats, raccoons, etc., and I remember
the horse Father bought Mother, which later con-
tracted lockjaw and had to be shot and dragged by
a team of horses to the rim of the gorge and pushed
over, a procedure used to dispose of dead animals,

"We moved from LaVerkin to Hinckley, Utah,
and lived ona farm. Itrapped quimps and kept
their heads, as a bounty was being paid for these,
I pretended these were all sorts of fur-bearing
animals - Iwas a big trapper! It was here I
started first grade. I remember there was a
little girl sitting in front of me with long hair,
One day I stuck a wad of gum init. When she
fussed, I quickly explained how she could pull out
one hair at a time where the gum was and it
wouldn't hurt, by demonstrating on my own hair,
