645 Arthur

until the insurance check comes, Idon't know how
long that will take. I had spent about my last $1. 00,
Everything will be alright and I'm glad I have work
and can keep on 'keeping on'. So many people have
called to see me and I have a stack of letters and
cards, some from old friends I'd almost forgotten.
Our old crowd from Gunnison are coming up to-
night - about 20. It's grand to have friends and
you don't know how proud Iam of youall, Folks
never get through telling me how wonderful my
children are - and you are wonderful and that's
what keeps me up and trying to be brave. Write
often to your lonely mother."

It seems Millie and Grace did go to Salt Lake
that weekend, Grace was teaching school in Gunni-
son at the time. On their return, Millie made a.
report to Gladys: - 'Monday nite, 15 Dec. 1932.
Dear Gladys - This has been the coldest day I have
ever seen and tonight it is 20° below zero. Grace
and Theron had a terrible time this morning before
they got to Gunnison. I told them to take the Buick
(they couldn't start the Ford) but all of us together
couldn't start the Buick either, Theron gota car
from the Motor Company to push it but that didn't
help. They pushed it way down by the fairgrounds
but it was all froze up. Theron finally started his
car, then towed the Buick into the garage. I'll
leave it there to have it overhauled and fixed for
Christmas, About 10:30 a.m. Metcalf (Principal
of the Gunnison school where Grace taught), phoned
and said they had to dismiss school because they
couldn't get the schoolhouse warm and everything
was frozen up. Theron and Grace got there in
plenty of time for the afternoon, however, |

"We arrived home from Salt Lake about three
yesterday. Everything was ok but thank goodness
we didn't stay another night or everything would
have.been frozen up. My flowers were alright. |
We found Max sick at Uncle Albert's (in Provo),

He had been sick all the time we were gone but |
they had been so good to him and kept him in. He

is feeling better tonight but still has the earache.

I didn't wash today but have been cleaning upstairs -
had Fanny in to help me. A letter was here from
Uncle Bert saying he would be here right after the
