Le War Whoops

another year of trouble. Many rumors were heard
of depredations that were to be committed in the

spring, such as; -- ''When the snow is gone the
Indians are going to get mad, east, west, north
and south!'' Thus, having tormented the settlers

in the far south of the territory off and on all
winter, the redmen began moving north in early
spring. In large numbers they came from south
and east, filled with new vigor and determination
to massacre and mutilate the white settlers, - or
so it seemed. "Tue. Mar. 19th 1867, an attack
was made upon Glenwood and the pioneer black-
smith, Merrit Staley, was killed and many of
their livestock were taken. While some believed
that the audacious Black Hawk was leading the
raiders here, most historians know it was the
daring Chief White Horse,"' -- 'Mar, 21st, Early
in the morning Jens Peter Peterson and his wife,
Charlotte Amelia, with Mary Smith, a neighbor
girl, left Richfield with ox team to go to Glenwood
about five miles east to do some trading, having
left their 18-months old baby girl with Mary's
mother. Stores were few and Glenwood had one
of the largest. In order to obtain some needed
supplies, these people had ventured out, thinking
that by starting early there would be no danger;
though it was contrary to counsel for anyone to
travel between settlements without armed escort,
Because it was muddy they could not travel as fast
as they had expected. When they came to the so-
called ''Black Ridge'*) east of the Sevier River,
Indians were gathering stock along the river
bottom. The redmen immediately attacked and
killed Peterson and his wife. Mary Smith, shot
through the arm, jumped from the wagon and ran
down the hill; but as she got to the bottom an
Indian shot her through the back. The savages
scalped the man and woman, mutilating their bodies
terribly, then leaped down the dugway to finish off
the girl. Finding she had curly hair ‘they left her
scalp, as they were very superstitious of curly
hair. They filled her wounds with rabbit brush,
These atrocities were soon discovered and the
citizens of Glenwood took after the Indians and
gave battle, The Indians, however, were vic-
torious and also succeeded in getting away with
