Kobbe rod 152

and pure by the way. And doubt no longer but come
next year to the place of gathering, even in flocks,
as doves fly to their window before the storm."
"Emigration" -- this was a. magic word now for

these new Saints; to Zion they must surely go -
next year!

The seasons moved ahead, Nightingales sang
in the long evenings of late spring - a choir of
innumerable, invisible musicians, At midsummer
the cool waves of the Limfjord and its numerous
water-relatives, and the various bathing beaches
dotting their shores, attracted vacatione rs, bathers
and boaters. In late summer and ear
heather began blooming.
time again.

ly autumn the
And then it was harvest
There was a bountiful one in Kobberod
and all hands were called outside to help with it.
Even the maidservants at the Christensens, includ-
ing Else, were put to harve Sting the crops, This
would mean more money all around for emigrating,
for by now it had been pretty well agreed that all
who desired it would go to America the following
spring. Elder Myrup would be going, as well as
Else, and of course the whole

Christensen family
except Christen Jr,

By now Else was receivin
home, from Mads and the girls
word had she from her parents
small talk as usual, avoidin
living in two separate world
well at home, they said, ex
poorly, The warm weather
of her ailment and she was
again, Neither she or Kar
yet. Marie was plumper t

g regular mail from
» but not one written
- It was all the same
g the fact that they weré
Ss of believing. All were
cept Christen, who was
had brought Stine out
blooming like a rose

en, however, had suitors

: han ever, Mor and Far
were still very much upset with her and ashamed

for her also, though they seemed to expect her back
most any day, disillusioned, and ready to make
amends for her sins, and her peace with the priest.
Rumor had it that Rudolph would soon marry a girl
from Kobenhaven and settle down there, There wer?
always plenty of good wishes and much love include
at the end, and sometimes a P,S, .- "By the way,
when are you coming back home?" So they thought
it was just a little fling she was having. Perhaps
She would never go back, But oh to link arms with
