607 Louis

crippled right hand with great dexterity, it is
understandable that this must have been a source
of embarrassment and concern to the youngster
when he was ready to enter school.

A new rock house was soon erected near the
old adobe one on the family lot in northwest Gunni-
son and into this the family had settled themselves
by the time Louis was ready for school, He finished
the eighth grade in the public schools of Gunnison
but it is doubtful that he continued his formal educa-
tion beyond that. At one time he jokingly told his
children that his folks managed to get him up to
Provo, hoping to enroll him at B. Y.A., but that
he climbed through an upstairs window of their
living quarters into a tree and got away -- Louis
was a great joker! Yet it was true he got no
college education.

He was baptized in the Sanpitch River, some
distance from their home in Gunnison, 1 Aug. 1888,
by Bishop A. C. Madsen and confirmed next day in
church, 2 Aug. 1888, by Thomas Wasden. He was
ordained a Deacon 7 May 1893, according to the
early Gunnison Ward records, Louis loved music
and he had a rich, deep voice. He and his younger
brother Arthur used to sing in the ward choir,
according to their foster sister, Tresia.

Louis grew to be the tallest and largest of |
the Christensen family, which was made up of good
sized people, both men and women. A great lot of
Danish soup and dumplings must have gone into his
making. He inherited a beautiful head of blonde,
curly hair, He was husky, strong and vigorous in
his youth and full of fun. He loved to play pranks
in which he often involved his younger brother
Arthur, When Arthur began courting, these jokes
and pranks proved to be most annoying to his sweet-
heart, Millie, who was pretty sure Lou was leading
Arthur "astray", Their youngest sister, Elvena,
was often the victim of these pranks and jokes,
being so utterly without guile and trusting like
she was.

When the Spanish blew up the Maine and the
Spanish-American War was declared in early 1898,
a number of young men from Gunnison volunteered
