Way of War 36

Since Frederick VII had no sons the Danish
crown passed, as per treaty, to Christian IX of
the House of Glucksburg (1863-1906). Both he and
his queen belonged to the old Danish Royal House.
It has remained with him and his direct descendants
for the past 104 years, or to the present. The old
headache of Slesvig and Holstein came up again and
war with Prussia and Austria resulted--they came
and took away the two provinces, so Denmark was
reduced again. Frederick VHI served for only six
years (1906-1912), but his son, Christian X, ruled
35 years (1912-1947) and had the two great World
Wars to worry him. World War Iwas not so bad,
as Denmark tried to stay aloof, but 100 of her ships
were hit by German submarines, with no considera-
tion at all. Two good things came of it however:
Danish women got the right to vote and the League
of Nations gave Slesvig the right to vote too on
where she wished to be, and only north Slesvig
subjects chose Denmark, and so Jutland's neck was
finally divided up and thus it remained.

The small-land-Danes have actually only lost
28 miles of their original territory to big, husky
Germany over the centuries they have been fighting
for it. But they nearly lost all of Denmark in World
War II, when Hitler's Germans moved in on them,
Had it not been for the efforts of their 'Freedom
Council", who engaged in a saboteur's war, aided,
and directed in the end, by radio from England,
they could have. Denmark fought from within and
the whole thing was a nightmare! A noble effort
was made .in behalf of the Danish Jews, 8,000
strong. The Gestapo had their eyes on them and,
after nearly four years of occupying their country,
decided on the ''High Holy Days'' to tend to their
extermination. But it never happened, for the
Danish risked everything they had to save their
fellow Danes, the Jews. In brilliant feats of cour-
age on all sides, those of the underground helped
the Israelites to escape to Sweden and safety; few
were lost. There have been no race riots in
Denmark--only wars.

When it was announced that Hitler was dead,
and the Danes realized the war was nearly over, it
was feared that the final battle would be fought in
