Kobberod 148

smokehouse, corral and sheds, as well as the
dwelling itself, would all be built in the country's
own products -- grey stone, clay, forest wood and
straw. The half-timbered farmhouse itself might
boast a modern red tile roof, but the other buildings
would all be thatched with straw, The individual
farm largely supplied the food requirements of
the family, outside of fish, salt, coffee, tea and
some fruits, Cereal, root crops, potatoes, oats,
barley and wheat were raised in abundance, as
well as garden vegetables, berries, currants,
prunes, rhubarb, etc. Some Danes even grew
trees whose leaves were edible, such as the
Bégetrae whose branches were picked in the spring
and placed in vases inthe homes, Cattle, pigs,
sheep, chickens, ducks and geese and the like,
provided meat aplenty, as well as eggs, lard,
bacon, cheese and butter, <A favorite with some.
Danes was clabber milk, or "thick milk" as they
called it. Good cooks were the rule in most farm
homes and farmers and their families, like most
other Danes, were generally well fed. Some of
the materials for clothing, such as leather and
wool, were raised on the farm also and most
everything the family wore was made there, with
the aid of traveling shoemakers, dressmakers,
tailors, etc. Danish peasants or farm people
were always well clothed, if not fashionably, but
they could dress up as gaily as the best, in their
‘national costumes'' if the occasion required it.

The Danes themselves were a fine race,
usually tall and athletically trained. In the country
districts, such as Thy, they were kind and hospit-
able with an easy independence of bearing. The
natives of Thy, perhaps the harshest part of Den-
mark, were possibly more hardy and vigorous, in
the main, because of the process of natural
selection, the weaker ones dying off young,

Jutland in general was sometimes referred to as
the ''dark continent", particularly by Danes of the
Island cities. This was probably because of the —
seeming backwardness of its people, the country
manner and country dress, including wooden shoes,
but more especially because of the peculiar Danish
brogue spoken in parts such as Thy -- ''Danish
words all chewed up and swallowed and then spit
