Albert 554

that were most meaningful and precious our father
was most generous and gracious.

"IT remember Dad as a man of the soil. From
early spring to late fall he and mother would rise
around 5:00 a.m. He would work in the garden until
7:00, have his breakfast, and then prepare to leave
for the office by 8:00. He would often spend around
two hours in the garden again after his full day at
the office. His loving care showed in his gardens
and orchards. They were beautiful to behold, and
kept a never failing supply of fresh vegetables and
fruits on our table all summer and fall, with plenty
for mother to bottle for use during the rest of the
year, His ability with the irrigation water seemed
magical; mother said it seemed like water would
run uphill for Dad. Helping him plant corn,
potatoes and beans are rather special memories to
me and family fruit-harvesting-parties were the
‘greatest’,

"Some of the more humorous aspects of life
with Dad always cause a chuckle within my heart.
Dad did enjoy driving nice cars! The first car I
remember was a green 1936 Plymouth which pulled
our housetrailer all over the United States for our
vacation in that year, The next was a blue Chrysler
Highlander with red plaid and leather seat covers,
This was the car I learned to drive and used so
much. When it came to getting a new car in 1947,
Dad said in mock seriousness that he was going to
get a Ford. When the time came for the debut, he
chose a Sunday morning. He took mother and me
to Sunday School in the old car and then went to
get the new. When Sunday School let out, there
was Dad out in front of Lincoln High School, where
our ward held church then, in a brand new 1947
Lincoln with push button doors and windows,
Picture if you can all the men and boys of the ward
crowded around that gorgeous car! Finally, as
mother and I were able to get through the crowd
and into the car, Dad found he couldn't get it
started. So many people had tried the battery-
powered windows that the battery had gone dead.

A substantial amount of glory vanished amid calls
of 'Why don't you get a horse?!

"It was in the Lincoln that Dad, mother, a
