59 Emigration

wounded. John Swenson had two arrows in his left
arm and Peter ''Doctor' had one in his cheek and
one clear through his neck. A Swedish brother
came into camp with an arrow in the small of-his
back and was not able to walk again on the journey.
All we could do to relieve the sufferers was to let
them sit down on a wagon hub with their backs
against the spokes while we, using as surgical
instruments common blacksmith's pincers or
nippers, extracted the arrows from all except
Peter "Doctor", The arrow in his neck could not
be moved until we found a pair of extra long-
handled pincers, Then, laying the man upon the
‘ground with his head resting upon an ox-yoke, two
men sat upon him while another, with one strong
jerk, pulled the arrow out. Brother Holmgreen
was shot by a bullet and taken up for dead, but
recovered, A man by the name of Andersen was
shot by a bullet, which took off a bit of his cheek
and a chunk of his nose, Brother Frederick
Gruntvig came into camp with an arrow fastened
into his right hip; his wife had been carried off by
the Indians and no more has been seen of her," ©

_ Snow overtook these weary people before
they reached their destination the fore part of.
November. Had they not been helped in at last
by relief mule-teams and provisions they might _
never have made it. Emigrating, even at its best,
was no easy matter; but the Scandinavian emigra-
tion kept up. . a oe

1866 was the last year that the emigrants
traveled all the way across the plains.by handcarts
or covered wagons, as the transcontinental Union
Pacific Railroad reached Omaha, Nebraska, by |
1867, Also in 1867 some of the Saints crossed |.
the Atlantic by steamships, but the.cost proved
so high that sailing ships were again, pressed into,
service for awhile, On 10th May 1869 the railroad
reached Utah and the days of sailing-ship and ox-
team travel were ended for LDS emigrants, The
journey then, by steamship and railroad, could be
made from Denmark to New York in 13 days and
on west to Utah in another 14, From Copenhagen
to Utah in 27 days was quite a feat, considering
that it sometimes took all of six months the old
