151 Kobberod

ordinances, and then she said, rather wistfully,.--
"But it will be so difficult to emigrate to Zion
without you, my love.'' These last words stunned
him - that was something else he hadn't thought
about first either, Well now if this was how the
wind was blowing it was a different matter entirely!
Next day Christen made a special visit to the
lodgings of the Mormon missionaries, and the
following day, May 3rd 1865, accompanied by the
two delighted Elders, he himself went down to the
water and was baptized and confirmed a member

of the new church by Elder Myrup, assisted by the
other Elder, Five days later, 8 May 1865, another
baptism session was held in the cove near Kobberod
and the son Laurs (Lauritz Mathias Christian
Christensen) and the daughter Pouline were bap-
tized and confirmed members by Elder Lars
‘Myrup, assisted by his companion, together with

a few other investigators from Gettrup Parish.
With this the gentle Karen's cup of joy was

almost overflowing. But there was still the son
Christen, whose bitterness for the Mormons was
growing steadily -- yet a mother's heart never
gives up!

One could say this much for the father,
Christen Christensen of Kobberod: whenever he
went into something he went in all over! As far
as he was concerned, from the moment of his
baptism and as long as he lived, nothing was too —
good for the Restored Church and its missionaries,
Right away he helped to secure a rented hall in the
town of Gettrup where the few members of the ©
church in the area could hold services, He and
his family attended regularly and assisted in
fellowshipping new members by inviting them to
their home. They fed and entertained the mission-
aries and did everything they could to further the
work of the Lord in that small part of His vineyard.
It wasn't long before a goodly part of the dis-
cussions at the meetings were about emigration.
The Millennial Star, an LDS church publication
printed in England but translated into Danish,
carried this message:-- ''The poor, the pure in
heart will be brought singing to Zion. . . let all
who can procure a loaf of bread and one garment
on their backs be assured there is water plenty
