United Order 266

With the few chickens, pigs or sheep the family
may have accumulated, plus their meager furniture,
bedding and personal belongings, their total poss-
essions then must have been scant indeed. The son
Albert, in his recollections which are included in
"The Hard Rich Soil" had this to say on the subject:
"After leaving the Order and settling in South May-
field, the family had to do without all of what were
considered the luxuries, and at times some of the
necessities of life. With a large and growing
family it became a struggle to make ends meet."

Laurs labored on his small farm to raise
what he could. He planted, ad looked at the sky
for signs of rain, for there were dry years when
water was scarce as well as wet years when the
floods came. There were years when the snows
came early, before the crops were ready to harvest,
and there were years when summer came late and
planting was delayed or when early crops were
nipped by frost, Laurs worked at other things
too - herding sheep, hauling logs and timber, rail-
roading, ditch digging, road grading, freighting,
odd jobs - anything he could do to bring in a little
extra pay in produce, script or cash - but cash
was scarce, Sometimes he worked on shares.

His skin was tanned and weather-beaten as he
labored in all kinds of outdoor weather to provide
for his family. He worked for the benefit of the
Church as well, dedicating time and.effort in lieu
of money, getting out timber from Twelve Mile
Canyon for the building of the Manti temple, build-
ing roads over which the timber could be brought,
or any other thing that his toil could supply for the
raising of that holy structure, Temple building in
Zion was a cooperative undertaking and al] good
Saints were loyal to the cause, Working for the
Lore and one's self and family was a joy. It

wasn't work that wore a man down - but the worry
and fear of failing.

Else did her share. She was vigorous, CaP~-
able and determined, for she had many dreams for
her children. She, with others of the pioneer
women there, sheared the sheep, carded the wool,
spun the thread and wove and dyed the cloth. With
her wool-cards, spinning wheel, knitting needles
