Kathryn Christensen 972

enrichment, etc. In addition there was a great
amount of reading for selecting library materials
for the district. After the first year I had fewer
schools and was one of the co-chairmen of book
selection, The fourth year Iwas chairman of
Book Selection and chairman of the Elementary
Library Department. Dad Todd cared for the
children the first year and a half, and Mother
cared for them the next two years. I received

a great deal of help from Mother and Dad,

"These were busy years in Palo Alto and
except for Betsy and Kent and some close girl
friends, especially June Martin, there was not
much time or opportunity for social life since I
taught summer school and took evening classes
during the winter. However, I decided to try to
go to London and Paris as a chaperon with Foreign
Language League with June Martin in the summer
of 1966. In between our planning and the actual
trip, June had been introduced to Dr, Melvin
Mabey (by me) from BYU, a close friend of mine
whose wife, Janet, had been killed a year earlier
leaving nine children, After a beautiful and short
courtship they had been married. June, feeling
obligated to go to London with me and the group
she had recruited, did come for a time; but seeing
that all was going well with our group and being
needed at home, she returned to Provo. The six
weeks in London and Paris with a group of teen-
agers, including Reed and Norma's Kay, was really
a delightful experience; partly because I had met
Dr. B. Delworth Gardner in Salt Lake City just a
few days before leaving for London. (He was a
professor of economics at Utah State University. }
Iwas able to share my experiences there with him
through letters.

"IT had met Del through my bishop in Palo
Alto, John Hopkin and his wife Bonnie, who is a
distant cousin of Del's, Bishop Hopkin had written
Del early in May telling him about me. Although
he had replied that 'his heart was not ready', since
his divorce was very recently granted, when I went
to Salt Lake City in June to leave Peter and Jean-
marie with Reed and Norma Webster, the Hopkins,
through June Martin Mabey, informed Del where I
