yr AZ) Ruth Ellen

Gledhill, sister of the other Bishop

When Ellen Maxine, our

ks old we rented and

up in. She
bronchial asthma,
e then but she

of Annie
Joseph Christensen.
second child, was six wee
moved into the home I had grown
caught cold and it developed into
We have raised her on prayer sinc
still isn't well.

‘After four children the doctor said I wasn't
able to have any more. On Dec. 7, 1937 Ihad

triple surgery in Salt L
one year and three mon
daughter, LaDon was born. On 25 Oct. 19481
had triple surgery again and on 9 Mar. 1966 I had
another major operation - so now I should be in
fine shape.

''We lived in Sterling, Utah for awhile and
while there I taught sewing in the three older pri-
mary grades in the local school for two years, to
prepare them for High School in Manti, the first
year without pay. I taught sewing two years here
in San Diego one day a week, under the direction
ofthe Adult Education program, and turned my
check over to the Ward Bishop for our building
fund project. I did alterations in a dress-making
shop here for several years, long enough to earn

Social Security.

"TI have taught in M.1 A. and Relief Society
(Theology) and been a Relief Society Work Coun-
Selor, My latest service was eighteen months as
a Sunday School teacher while Frank was in the
Sunday School Superintendency. Our son Duane
has worked with the Scouts for years, His wife,
Jean, is now Primary president, after having
served eight years as Sunday School Coordinator.
Our daughter Mexine's health does not permit
much activity but her children are ali active in
the church, Garth Joseph in 1950 was all-star
softball pitcher for the church and brought the
trophy back to our then-new Ward. Since then he
has been Y,M.M.1.A. president, Branch presi-

dent, a Stake High Councilman, on a Stake mission

and inthe Stake Mission presidency and had many

other responsibilities in the church. He is now
bishop of his Ward in Escondido, Calif. His wife
Joan used to teach Seminary, then served on the
