Destiny Takes a Hand 382

and a few days after Farrald arrived, Louis and
Florence had their fifth child, the first baby to be
born in the old Gunnison homestead since Vena,

as far as we know. Little brown-eyed Dale helped
to compensate for the loss of baby Spencer, who
had been laid away by Louis and Florence some
Seventeen months earlier, Thus five more grand-
children were quickly added to Laurs' and Else's
posterity - jewels in their crowns! Else K. at

least was most likely present to greet each one on
arrival,

But - "The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh
away. . .' On Sat, 18 Dec. 1909 Elsie's and
Alma's little son Byard died. He was thena
beautiful child of four years nine months and
sixteen days, but had always had an incurable
heart condition. Alma was on the desert with the
sheep at the time and Elsie was expecting again
Soon. She and grandmother were alone with the
little one when he passed away, His burial was
delayed until Alma could be notified and return
to Gunnison. On Wedne sday afternoon, two days
before Christmas, a brief funeral service was
held at the residence, Thus over a happy home
the shadow of a little grave fell. But exactly
Seven weeks later Elsie had a beautiful baby girl
to fill her empty arms. This Edith was so wel-
come, not alone because of her little brother's

Passing but also because She was the first daugh-
ter, folowing four sons.

Emma and Charles had also known much
ars, having lost two

th, one right after the
med, Their oldest daugh-
gh quite young at the time, says she
distinctly remembers the last of these little ones
in her box-casket lying there perfectly formed like
a beautiful doll, She just couldn't understand why
this baby sister wouldn't wake up - she so much
wanted a little sister to play with for she had only
Byron. Charles buried each of the little corpses
On their ranch there, across the wash some dis~-
tance from the house, But then Ada got a real live

sister when Emma gave birth to a healthy baby

girl, 13 Jan. 1910, who later received the name
Imelda,
