Mabel Norma 932

"School work I usually enjoyed and seldom
encountered much difficulty with it, except when
it came to creative writing. An experience that
happened in Mr. Cordner's seventh grade English
class provided me with the greatest object lesson
in honesty that I can remember, We had each
been assigned to write a story, the best of which
was to receive a prize, I made several attempts
but each one ended in complete failure. Finally in
desperation I solicited Mother's help on the last
night before the assignment was due. She agreed
to help me but as the hour drew late, sent me off
to bed, promising to assist me next morning. I
awakened to find a very sweet story she had written
available for me to copy. But time was short and
the story long so I handed it in in Mother's hand-
writing. Ireally was feeling shabby about the
whole thing when I was called up front to receive
a fine Eversharp pencil for winning the story
contest, Iwas appalled - and literally hated the
sight of that pencil, and managed to lose it as soon
as possible,

"That summer Father bought a house trailer
and he and Mother, Cullen, Kathryn and I set out
on atrek across the country. First we visited
Mother's brother, Uncle Yates Farnsworth and
family in California where the ocean breezes gave
me such a stiff neck it was painful to move for
weeks, But there we had a most delightful intro-
duction to ocean swimming, sunbathing - and to
10¢ malts, Ialso acquired a gorgeous sunburn
and went 'peeling' across the country. From
California we journeyed the southern route to
Washington D, C. to meet Phil, who was there
attending school and working. From here we went
to New York, Chicago, and home. We visited
twenty-four states, Canada and Mexico. Cullen
was just learning to drive and spent many hours at
the wheel in utter joy. One of the most remarkable
things about that trip was that we children hardly
quarreled at all.

"T have some definite impressions of our
family life during my growing up years. First of
all there was no doubt in any of our minds as to
who was the head of the family. We all recognized
