Westward 186

promise", the land of Joseph, about which they had
spoken, dreamed and sung for many years before
beholding it.

About the time they began to séé land one of
the passengers, a young and foolish man, willfully
jumped overboard and was drowned. The ship was
hurridly turned around, a boat: lowered, and a num-
ber of sailors manning it endeavored to save, him
but did not succeed; he sank in the billows to rise
no more until the resurrection. It was stated by
his friends that he had been induced to emigrate
contrary to his wishes and had repeatedly declared
that he would never see America, and so it was.
While the rest were eagerly looking for land, he
resolutely committed suicide by jumping over-
board, The "Kenilworth"! passed Sandy Hook after
dark and about midnight cast anchor off Staten
Island at the entrance of the harbor of New York.

The next morning (July 16th) most of the
passengers arose early to look at the country.
"How beautiful", nearly all exclaimed when they
emerged from their quarters on the lower decks
and saw the green hills of Staten Island and the tall
steeples and magnificent buildings of the cities of
New York and Brooklyn in the distance. The plea-
sant morning breeze wafted the pleasing odor of
vegetation and flowers out to them, About 1] a.m.
a doctor came on board to ascertain if there were
any contagious diseases among the emigrants or
any other disorder or sickness which might prevent
them from landing, but there were none. Conse-
quently, the anchor was lifted and they sailed into
the harbor and anchored a short distance off the
City of New York, almost opposite Castle Gardens.
(Castle Gardens was a high building similar to a
theatre, built by the American government for the
use and protection of emigrants from the city
sharkers. It was a beautiful place,) As the sun
rose higher the day became very hot and some of
the passengers were taken sick with the heat.
From their point of anchorage they had a fine view
of New York, Brooklyn, Jersey City, and the
string of villages and towns lining the shores of
New York Bay. They remained on board all day
suffering from the heat. Elders Thomas Taylor
