Westward 176

safely in the city of Copenhagen, the capitol of
Denmark, One of the Elders led the way from the
landing stage to a hall which had been rented for
the purpose, and there most of the emigrants spent
several hours, Some, however, were too deeply
interested in the grandeur of the city to remain
quietly in one place and walked all around, promen-
ading on the ramparts, visiting the principal
squares and churches and enjoying themselves .
immensely. This was the largest city: most of the
emigrants from Jutland had ever seen, Copenhagen
at that time had about 180, 000 inhabitants. (Now,
with its suburbs, it has over a million and is. con-
sidered one of the finest and best governed cities.

in the world.)

Here the emigrants from the Aalborg and
Vendsyssel Conferences were united with emigrat-
ing Saints from other Danish Conferences, and at
1:00 o'clock p.m. they sailed from Copenhagen on
board the steamship ''Aurora'", which was to take
them to Keil in Holstein. The voyage along the
coasts of Zealand and Mé¢én was interesting, the.
most conspicuous landmark being 'Méens Klint"!

a hill of chalk formation which rose abruptly from
the sea 450 feet. The weather was pleasant and
the sea undisturbed. Joy and happiness reigned
supreme on board; most of the Saints seemed
delighted with the prospects before them.

Sailing along on the blue Baltic Sea the
Danish emigrants soon saw the last of their
"Lovely Land" with her green, greenislands, for
day and night grew together and dark covered all,
and when the light of the morning of May 18th came
they had reached ''Kieler Fjord" off the coast of
Holstein, Germany. Sailing up the Fjord they soon
reached the city of Keil where they landed and ©
tarried several hours in the fine waiting room at
the railroad station. Here again the more venture-
some took off to stretch their legs and visit different
parts of this city with its beautiful parks and gardens,
Keil. (now an important seaport of Germany) was
then an attractive city of about 30,000 inhabitants,
It was situated in a fertile district of the country
on a fjord, which was one of the safest harbors
on the Baltic.
