Wendell Bartholomew 748

an irrigation project to water several thousand
acres of what could have been wonderfully produc-
tive land, It failed at that time but was just

recently approved by the U. S. Government after
a wait of about fifty years.

"From Dixie we moved to Hinkley, Utah,
where Father answered a call by the church to
organize the Millard Academy into a junior
college. About this time the church decided to
abandon the church school system with the excep-
tion of BYU and Weber and LDS Colleges. So
father left the teaching profession for business
and ranching. He acquired the Star Ranch with
his brother Albert and brother-in-law Otis
Ursenbrach and later bought a cattle ranch near
Duchesne, Utah. My days as a ranch hand and
farmer lasted until the farm depression in 1923
when financial reverses caused the loss of the
ranches and the family moved to Salt Lake,
where father went into business Promoting his
various mining and metals interests and we older
children got jobs. I spent several

years in mining,
first in Farmington,

Utah, and later in California.

"It was while living in Salt Lake and going to
school at the U of U that I first met Ann Howells,
@ popular member of our Ward's younger set. We
were in an MIA play together and our friendship
blossomed into love. I was called on a mission
to Germany in 1925 and after my farewell party
in the Ward, I sat on the church porch with Ann
while the church almost burned down, A thief had
broken into the chapel hoping to find the money
donated for my mission expenses and had dropped
@ match which started the blaze. Ann and I corres-
ponded while I was in Germany and shortly after
my return we became engaged,

'‘My mission in Germany was a wonderful
experience, Because of my earlier trip there I
learned the language easily and was blessed with
Some fine missionary companions. I labored first
in Dresden, a beautiful city rich in tradition and
culture, where I met many faithful, warm and
friendly people and learned to love them like my
own family. Later I was sent to Breslau as
District President and it was here that I had a
