18 Kjallerup

there were lessons to be had, for Mette was deter-
mined that her children were to be well-taught, as
befitted descendants of noblemen! Young Christen,
of course, had been attending school at the Church
‘school since he was eight, for this had been the
law of the land since Anders and Mette were child-
ren. But he was not always at Kjallerup, for
sometimes he went to live with Mette's mother,
bed'stem¢der Else, in Orum Parish, for she had.
raised him when he was small and he was at home
there. The four younger children had wonderful
times together playing the learning games Mette
had for them. Else liked best the one where you
held up your hand and crooked each finger in turn,
while repeating, ''Tommeltot (the thumb), Slikke -
pot (pointer) Langemand (middle finger) Guidbrand
(ring finger) and Lille Peder Spillemand (little
finger).'' So, old Guldbrand got to wear the rings |
Mette told her children that many important Danish-
men in the big cities, and even on the better farms,
wore rings on several fingers, and high silk hats,
coats with polished buttons, and embroidered waist-
coats, while their womenfolk wore flowered bonnets
and elegant shawls, Someday, if they worked and
studied hard, they too would be important !

In spring the wind went on and on, never
seeming to run out of breath, like an old gossip;
which was perhaps necessary, in the case of the
wind, especially in Jutland, to dry up the land so
farmers could start their ploughing. But very
early in the spring of 1852, when the trees i
still twiggy before the leaves came, Anders didn't
start his ploughing, as he was wont, but oa
instead to the police in the nearest place to.
Kjallerup, where they were, to secure authorized
government permission to move his family else-
where. This was the Danish law then. Each adult
Dane possessed a "little Black Book" which had to
be officially marked, or stamped, when consent
was given for a change of residence, and rechecked
when residence was taken up in another place. In
this manner the Kingdom kept track of her people
as they moved around; especially the men of mili-
tary age, who had much difficulty in changing their
areas of abode. Anders wished to sell the farm in
Kjallerup, no doubt, and had perhaps found a good
