Andrew 498

Before this fireplace stood father's great big
leather rocker, I remember one winter night he
built a blazing fire, cuddled Margaret on his one
side and me on the other as he sat and let us
choose the stories he would tell. As he gently
rocked he took us into the sheep camps to watch
him outwit a prowling bobcat; he led us up the path
to a castle on the Rhine and he walked with us
through Tom Tower at Oxford. Finally, as the
fire burned to embers and we fell into our dreams,
he carried us one by one and tucked us into bed.
Though the time he spent with us younger children
was limited, it had a rich and satisfying flavor.
We never felt neglect or indifference from him,"

Margaret writes;-- ''As I look back on early
childhood, most of my memories center around our
home at 1879 South Main Street, It was a large
two-story, red brick home with plenty of room for
a big family. There was a large yard, many
beautiful trees, places for secret hide-outs, and
plenty of room to play hide-and-seek and run-
sheep-run. There was a large garden area where
each of us took our turns weeding and helping with
irrigation, There was also a running well where
one could get the coldest drink on a hot summer
day in all Salt Lake. Mother usually kept a few
chickens to help supply her family with fresh eggs
and also to help with an extra treat for some of
those delicious Sunday dinners,

"IT remember my father was a lover of good
books. We had a fine library at home and were
encouraged to use it. How I loved to curl up ona
rainy afternoon and lose myself in a good book,
This was another heritage father passed onto us -
the joy of reading. Religion played a most
important role in our family life also. In fact, it
seemed that our lives literally revolved around
the church. And even though father was not home
a great deal, we knew that we were to attend our
meetings and do our duty there above all else.

I heard him talk in Sacrament meetings many
times and there was no doubt in my mind but that
he had a strong and lasting testimony of the Gospel.
Mother shared this strong testimony.

"Fundamentally, Papa was a sincere family
