Albert 560

the Moroni Theatre, commented that Jennie Snow
had the most beautiful speaking voice he had ever
heard and could have been the top actress of her
day had she not preferred marriage to a career.

Sometimes, when sleep eludes me, I fancy
I see mother Jennie as she lived and breathed
among us. 'Tis strange what childhood impressions
linger. I seem to feel her many moods and to be
swept along in the circle of her activities. The
pictures I see are quite vivid. I never see her
angry, but I see her fearful - fearful when our
horse runs away, tipping the buggy over and
throwing the four of us into the mud, just before
her third baby is expected, and little Elaine, filled
with her own wee worry, cries and points to her
muddy shoes, demanding, ''Take doz off!" I see
mother fearful of childbirth, for she is small and
her babies are large and there is little modern
medical knowledge to assist her - her own mother
died in childbirth. I see her fearful when little
Sherman, who is what they call a hemophiliac, gets
the nosebleed; fearful when father, exhausted from
a hard day at the herd or ranch, goes to sleep in
the bathtub and shakes the place with his snoring
while she, sure he will drown himself, pounds
frantically on the bathroom door and tries to pick
the lock, as we children all take up the pounding
and shout to try and wake him,

I see mother happy and busy at sewing with
us children taking turns threading the machine for
her. I see her stencilling borders of acorns, tulips
and other motifs on scrim for bedroom curtains
for the ''rose-room" with its solid mahogany furni-
ture, the ''blue room!' with its birdseye maple, and
the ''buff room!''. I see her deep-frying timble shells
and chicken croquettes for parties and openhouses
and making dainty little nutbread and boston-brown
bread sandwiches and letting Elaine and I help trim
off the crusts,

As we come downstairs on cold winter morn-
ings, I see her benevolent as she spreads steaming
hot, nourishing breakfasts on the small kitchen
table for some of the local less-fortunates, In
summers I see her giving generous "hand outs''to
roving tramps, gypsies and Indians. Though they
