907 Margaret Christensen.
his medical education at that school. Margaret
also continued to work as a nurse at the LDS

Hospital after their marriage.

In the fall of 1941 the couple moved to Louis-
ville, Kentucky where Paul continued his training
at the Louisville Medical College while Margaret
worked for eight months in surgery at the Norten
Memorial Infirmery and then as supervisor of
Surgery in a children's hospital in Louisville.

She became pregnant so discontinued her hospital
work but found employment with the telephone co.

there as operator and night supervisor, which was
much less taxing. She was determined to see her

husband through to his graduation.
Paul Jr., was born

The couple's first child,
Margaret took three

in Louisville in January 1944.
Months off and then in April went back to work again.
In August she contracted polio. She was immed-
iately hospitalized and hot packs were applied

twenty-four hours a day until her recovery was
assured, With the help of medical knowledge and
es she recovered

the fervent prayers of her loved on
completely with no ill effects remaining. It was
during this time that Paul graduated from medical

School,
The Adams family returned to Utah and Paul
took his nine months intern at the Thomas Dee

Hospital in Ogden from Sept. 1944 to July 1945.

Margaret worked at the Veterans Hospital in Salt
January and then moved

Lake from September to

to Ogden and worked in the office at the Thomas
Dee Hospital until Paul was finished with his
intern, World War IJ was then on and Paul went
from there into the Navy, serving some fourteen
Months during which time he was stationed in
Farragut, Idaho, Minneapolis, Minn., San Fran-
cisco, Calif,, and finally Clearfield, Utah.

Margaret went to Salt Lake City to live and if was
r second son, David,

here in March 1946 that thei
was born, Less than two and a half months after
David's birth his nearly two and a half year old
brother, Paul Jr., died of lukemia in Salt Lake
City and his body was taken to Provo and buried
beside his grandfather Christensen.
