Andrew 512

reflective spirit of the Sabbath was kept. It was
then Sarah attended church and read to her girls,
or tried to, though she inevitably nodded and dozed;
and they, sensing her need for rest, were left to
revel in the peace of the day.

Sarah worked up quite a business making
Temple clothes, for which there was much demand.
But after many years with her sewing and several
with her boardinghouse, her eldest daughter,
Edythe, became seriously ill. By mutual agreement
Sarah and her two youngest daughters became a part
of Edythe's household in order to help in the care of
her five small children. Edythe had poor health for
years, during which time her mother managed her
household in the efficient way she always had her
own, But it was a worry for her to have Edythe
down so much. Part of a letter written by her
sister-in-law, Millie, to her daughter Gladys at
Christmas time 1943 tells something of this:

"| | I went to the hospital yesterday - took Aunt
Sarah with me, Edythe had another serious opera-
tion six weeks ago and as yet no one except her
family are allowed to see her, Aunt Sarah said
they had taken the nerves from her spine - she
seems awfully worried about her,"'

"From the early days of her marriage Sarah
was a participating member of the Relief Society
and many times served as its president in her
locality. No means are available to measure her
humanity through this organization, in visiting,
service, giving and sharing with people in need.
More readily observable, however, was her life-_
long trait of personal giving. From her gardens,
kitchen and sewing room came the gifts for her
generosity - the bouquet of flowers, the spicy pan
of rolls, or the embroidered pillow cases that
always had a way of finding the new mother, the
shut-in, or the grandchild.

"While home and Sarah were nearly synony-
mous, her mind continually sought the new, the
young and exciting, the current. She studied the
fashions and kept her wardrobe abreast of the day,
within the bounds of her maturity. Her most wel-
come visitors were her grandchildren and their
friends, who spoiled her with gay gifts and delighted
