Wyoming Interlude 436

standing upon the hill and there he kneeled down
and I could see the corduroy imprints in the place.
This was where L. D. Christensen claims to have
been shot at by a man who was kneeling near this
bedstead. I found no shells at this point but mea-
sured the horse tracks, They came from the south
side of the burned stacks, up past the west end and
around the east side. There seemed to be but one
track but there could also have been a horseman
on the opposite side. A lane runs east and west,

I followed the track from C. I,'s place in a southerly
direction towards L, D,'s and then west, L. D.
Christensen and Dewey Rawlins helped me and we
measured the man's tracks thirty or forty times -
they were the same, a cowboy boot, We watched
Christensen measure the tracks of both horses,
First he measured the tracks near his home and
he and Rawlins both claimed that they were the
same that they had seen there before. Charley
White, who lives west of Christensen's, claims
that he heard his dogs bark early in the evening
but did not go out to see whether anybody was
passing or not,"

Impressions of then five year old Ellamae
are included in her present history thus:-- '. ..
About this time we moved with mother to a home-
stead near Lyman, Wyoming, where Uncle Chris,
Pearl, Uncle Lou, Uncle Andrew, and later Aunt
Vena also had homesteads. To me this was quite
an adventure, Iwas oblivious to the problems of
clearing the land and making a home of stretches
of sagebrush, but remember the huge bonfires of
sagebrush when the land was cleared. We explored
the hills during the days, free as the wind, but after
dark we were afraid to venture out. I remember
my brothers sitting watch with a gun, and of
returning home to find rocks thrown through the
window. I remember waking one night to see
Uncle Chris! haystacks on fire. , . At the time
I didn't know anything about range wars between
the cattlemen, sheepmen and homesteaders - it
was only something frightening."

Chris came the night after his crops were
fired and a few others came to help guard the
homes of the Christensens on The Oasis, Someone
