Other Dimensions 44

themselves and their families for the long separa-
tion. The company was organized for traveling and
on 19 Oct. 1849 left the Salt Lake Valley, number-
ing 35 men, 12 wagons, 1 carriage, and 42 horses
and mules, This was the first company of mission-
aries sent from the Rocky Mountains, The journey
proved long, tiring, and at times even dangerous.
On Monday Nov. 12th the group was attacked by
about two hundred Cheyenne warriors, on the

Platte River, but escaped unhurt, On Friday,

Dec, 7th, after two months, during which time an
over-ruling Providence was clearly made manifest
in their behalf, the missionaries arrived at Ft,
Kearney on the Missouri River, It took another
five months before Elder Peter O. Hansen arrived
in Copenhagen (11 May 1850) the first L. D. S,
missionary to ever set foot on Danish soil. A
native of Denmark, he hoped to convert his own
people and some of his friends, but they would

have none of it, On 14 June he was joined by
Elders George P. Dykes, John E, Forsgren and
Erastus Snow, the latter to serve as president of
the infant mission, with Elder’ Hansen as inter-
preter, The four humble missionaries immediately
shut themselves up in the upper room of a hotel in
Copenhagen, where they offered a prayer of thanks-
giving for their safe arrival and dedicated themselves
to the service of the Lord; while ribald carousers
held forth in a bar directly below far into the night.
At that time Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Iceland
and Finland were placed under the ''Scandinavian
Mission" with headquarters in. Denmarks' capitol
city, and remained so until divided in 1905 and the
"Copenhagen Branch" was organized, with head-
quarters in Copenhagen, ©

So the gospel seed was sown in Denmark, for
better or for worse, and on 12 August 1850 the
harvest of souls began. On this date the first
Danish LDS baptisms in this dispensation took
place when 15 candidates, mostly Baptists, .
entered the clear waters of Oresund, immediately
outside Copenhagen, and received this important |
ordinance, In writing to the First Presidency,
August 17th, Elder Snow said, ''The Lord has
visited the believers with many visions and dreams
and manifestations of the Holy Spirit. They have
