461 Time's Hourglass

entitled to a great deal of credit, She never spares
herself but waits on him constantly. . . 18 Sept.
1928, Grandfather is still doing very poorly. He
cannot move about and the days and nights seem so
long, He is in pain constantly. He prays contin-
uously to be released. He would like to pass away
as he feels no hope of recovery. . . 24 Sept. 1928.
Grandfather is still lingering on without getting
much better, if any at all. He 1s getting entirely
discouraged. It is too bad, the grand man that he
is and has been, that his last days should be so

full of pain and suffering. . 15 Oct. 1928. Grand-
father is still very bad, in fact getting worse all
the time, and he would like to be relieved from his
misery. He cannot get well it seems and the sooner
he can pass the better, as he feels. Of course we
are doing all possible for him, Aunt Myrtle went
down the latter part of last week and she came
back yesterday. She says grandfather 1s very bad
and wants to die. He may, however, linger for a
month or more. . . 6 Nov. 1928. I stayed at
Grandfather's Sunday night an yesterday until
train time. He is in very bad condition, poor
dear; he is also having a very hard time and no
chance to get well. Under the conditions it would
be a blessing if he could get relief. His mind is

as keen as lightning but his body is racked with
pain, Uncle Andrew went down to see him this
evening and I phoned Louis at Lyman, Wyoming
this morning that father wanted him to come down.

He promised that he would, "'

Of course all of his chil
near him to give him the aid and comfort that they

could, Most of them came often. Even his foster
daughter, Tresia, and her husband Jim Lacy, came
to see him before he passed away. Tresia tells
about how they had written her that Grandfather
felt that if he could only get hold of some whisky
that this might bring about a cure. It had been
used to cure so many things in the early days when
Grandmother was practicing medicine. But Utah
had prohibition at that time and no whisky could be
had there, So they brought him some whisky
Smuggled in from Montana. Grandfather was so
Pleased at their visit and pleased for their gift -
and they bathed his sore-ridden foot and leg in

dren wanted to be
