Kjallerup 74

buyer. He planned to move his family north a few
miles to the somewhat larger town of Norhaa,
closer to the place where his mother was born

and where a number of her kinsfolk dwelt. The
old Karen was longing to be nearer her own people.
Whether the lack of more sons to help on the farm
had anything to do with this is hard to tell, or per-
haps Mette had visions of a finer cottage in which
to raise her children and give birth to her next
child, which was expected. Permission to move
was granted and what a hustle and bustle and pack-
ing of things there must have been, Goodbys had
to be said to neighbors and friends, and Mette's
people in the Parish south had to be visited. Cer-
tainly they must have gone for the blessing of the
Priest upon their move and his recommendation to
their new Parish; and did they not stop to shed a
tear beside Edel's little mound?

When the wagon was loaded to the hilt they
set out west a quarter of a mile and then turned
onto the wagon road leading northeast a couple of
miles to the village of Istrup, and from thence
around the west tip of Oveso, then skirting the
small village of Legind they followed the muddy
wagon road northwest another two miles until it
joined with the main traveled road at Fre skilde,
where they turned and followed this new road west
another mile-and-a-bit to Norhaa, where the
church could be seen all shining white there.

2, NORHAA, , . 1852-1862

The Priest in the Parish and town of Norhaa
welcomed farmer Anders Christensen and his family
and entered them on the records, 29 March 1852,
in the following Danish words: Familien er 29 Marts
1852 flyttet til Norhaa Sogn. Her er naevnt:
Girdmand Anders Christensen 43 ar. gl., hans Kone
Mette Kristine Christensdatter 40 ar. gl,, Aftagts-
kone Karen Andersdatter 78 ar.gl. Deres born:
Karen Andersen 8 ar.gl., Mads Christian Andersen
7 ar.gl., Else Cathrine Andersen 5 ar.gl., Ane
Kirstine Andersen 3 ar. gl. So Else's family moved
to a better farm in Norhaa when she was just a
month and three weeks past five, Her sister Karen
