657 Elvena

year that the Bennion Livestock Company was sold
and all of the Christensens, except Louis and his
family, had sold or given up their land there and
left the area,

That winter (1918/19) Vena went again to
live with her parents in Manti and it was perhaps.
the next spring that George joined her there. They
were encouraged to stay on in Utah and Vena's
brother Albert gave George work on his Gunnison
ranch, a mile or so west of Gunnison. There was
plenty for George to do looking after the feeding of
the sheep and cattle on the ranch, He and Vena
and small Vera lived at Vena's sister Emma's that
winter and it was at the Peterson home that their
second child, Alta, was born (Feb. 1921). In the
spring of 1921 George and Vena and their two little
girls moved into the small farm house on the Gunni-
son ranch and it was here that their third daughter,
Tresia, was born in May 1922. Emma took care
of one year old Alta for them at that time. There
was always so much love between Emma and Vena
that they could scarcely help each other enough.

In her own history their oldest daughter,
Vera Clark (Lyons) recalls some of the things she
has been told about life on that Gunnison ranch: --
"Ivan Lyons! folks were also farming west of
Gunnison, for the Mellors, and my folks and his
visited back and forth and played cards together.
They would do the chores at night, get out the
horse and wagon, then, taking us children with
them, go and spend the night at Lyons visiting
and playing cards while we slept, then go back
home next morning in time to do the chores again.
Lyons' boy Ivan, two anda half years older than
a tried to lift me over a ditch once and dropped
me into the water. He remembers this well be-
cause his Dad gave him a licking for it. Iwas not
much more than four at the time. (Ivan Lyons
later became Vera's husband).

The summer of 1922 Albert gave George
work on the Star Ranch north of Nephi and that
fall George moved his family to Goshen, not far
north of there, and went to work in the mines at
Dividend, Utah, where his brother-in-law, Alma
Bartholomew, had employment. Alma and Elsie
