581 Elsie

settled.'' Sorrow caught up with Elsie's and Alma's
family when on 18 Dec, 1909 their beautiful little
son, Byard, passed away. He lacked less than
three months of being five years old. Byard had
never had a strong heart and though everything
they could do had been done for him, he did not
survive, Elsie and her mother were alone with
the child when death came for him; Alma was on
the desert with the sheep. (A more detailed
account of Byard's death is given earlier in the
book, )

Two daughters were born to Elsie and Alma
in the new red brick home in Gunnison; Edith 10
Feb. 1910, less than two months after little
Byard's death, and Ella May 10 May 1912. Elsie
continues with her history:-- "I have always had
great faith in prayer and the Lord has helped me
SO many times when I have been sick or in trouble.
One such incident stands out in my mind. After
Ellamae (or Ella May) was born there were many
months when I felt poorly. When she was three
years old I went to Dr. Olsten in Manti, a specialist
in women's diseases. I was told that I had a
cancerous condition. I had to visit him three times
@ week for three months, going from Gunnison to
Manti and back for these treatments. (This was
the early part of the winter of 1915/16). On these
days each week, after I had sent my boys off to
school, I started with my two little girls in a one-
horse open buggy for Manti. We had mittens,
hoods, hot irons at our feet and a lap robe to
cover us, One day it began snowing soon after we
started so we were well covered with the wet snow
when we reached my parents! home in Manti.
Father was there to take care of the.horse. Mother
took the girls and had a hot lunch prepared for us.
Then I went for my treatment, When I came into
the doctor's office he took me by the shoulders
and said, 'Woman, woman; you have the faith to
remove mountains! If Mrs. Andersen had half the
faith you have, she could get well too,' (Mrs,
Andersen was a cousin of mine and was being
treated by Dr, Olsten for the same trouble as I -
she did not get well). I answered, 'I must get
well, I have little ones that need me!' (That was
over forty years ago and here 1am 81, I have been
