Joseph Harold 682

with Grandpa and Grandma Christensen a few
blocks north and east of the schoolhouse, That is
when I first met a girl named Herma Keller. The
year after that, since a two-year High School had
just been started in Gunnison, I went back home
for my second year of High School training. Iwas
Gunnison High School's first studentbody president
that year. The following two years I finished high
school at Manti. I was on the basketball team both
of those years - captain of the team - center - and
star player. We went to Provo for the finals the
second year. Iwas also studentbody president of
Manti High that second year (1914-15).

"I dated Herma Keller - we were in school
together. She was very active in school plays, etc.,
and we both belonged to the Dramatic Club of 1915.
We were married the next year, 28 Dec. 1916, in
the Manti Temple, There were eight years between
my only living sister, Ruth Ellen, and I, mother
having lost three babies between us. I had three
younger brothers at the time I was married - Myron,
Virgil and Marvin. Another brother, Don, was
born just four days after my marriage. Mother
attended our wedding celebration at the Keller home
the night of our marriage and I didn't even know she
was expecting. I knew little about the 'bees and the
birds' at that time.

"After Herma and I were married we lived in
Gunnison until our first baby, Cloyd, was six months
old (Jan. 1918) and then we moved to the farm east
of Gunnison into the house Dad had built there
earlier for some farm workers, Previously I had
worked with Dad on this farm in summers and
during school when I had time, but now I took it:
over myself, I raised sugar beets, sheep and
cattle. I was also busy in church activities, teach-
ing inthe M.I, A. and later acting as second coun-
selor.

"Herma and I had four children, three boys
and a girl. When Dorothy, your youngest, was ten
years old (1935) we moved back to town so the
children. would be closer to school and church. We
rented a Sorensen home in the northwest part of
Gunnison, We then built a lovely new brick home
of our own in northeast Gunnison, but we were only
