Bested 96

the church on Holy days and sang hymns about the
"Fatherland" under silent bells, and prayed for
peace and the safety of their soldiers. So many of
the young men from the town and surrounding vill-
ages were in the army now for it had been built up,
incase, Christen was down at Danevirke, Mads
wanted to go, but Mor clung on to him and wept; he
was not the age yet until spring; perhaps there
would be no war or it would be over before then
and he would ''draw a pass'', But Mette was not
all tears; in truth she was rather excited about a
family of old acquaintances of hers who had
recently moved to Norhaa. A good family, of the
better class, trades-people and of the nobility too,
way back -- besides, they had a marriageable son!
He was a little older and well-traveled, and had not
long since returned from Kobenhaven. (Mor had it
from the neighbors that he was "looking'' and would
fain have himself a wife from Norhaa. She was
anxious that he should meet her daughters and had
invited his family to tea at mid-Yule. )

' Else would have spared herself and gone else-
where when Mors' old friends came; she was not in
the marriage market and had no mind to be stared
at, up and down, by any wife-hunter! But Mor
kept her eye on her the live long day. Luckily the
talked-of-son didn't come with his parents to tea,
but Else was stared at nevertheless, and asked
many questions by the visitors, as was her sister
Karen, who blushed and stammered some at each;
and Else knew they questioned Mor too, on the side,
All the rest of Yuletide her mother kept buttering-
up the not-so-young.man in her presence, at every
opportunity, till she grew sick of his very name,
could she remember it. On the twelfth day of
Yuletide however, the son himself called, unex-
pectedly, to pay his respects to the family and ask
their pardon for not coming before, Else tried to
withdraw but was not quick enough; she hoped he
would set his eyes on Karen, for she was so willing
for a suitor, She could tell Mads liked him right
away. He turned out to be well educated, by his
conversation, and witty and pleasant too. True,
he was a bachelor, but not as old as some, and he
was rather good looking, in the Danish way, and
taller than Mads and taller than her too. Mette
