Myrtle Ivy 766

the dreaded disease scarlet fever hit the small town
and her family was among the victims; a red flag

of quarantine hung on their gatepost. Her father
was away on ''The Weber" with the sheep at the
time and before he could return her sister Orilla,
not quite two years older than herself, died of the
disease, 22 May 1910. Her father returned to com-
fort the distressed family and just in time to bid her
thirteen year old sister, Elora, goodby, for she
succumbed five days after Orilla. Joint funeral
services were held for these two beautiful sisters
on the lawn in front of their home and they were
buried side by side in the Gunnison Cemetery. Ivy
and the four other children were spared, including
the eight months old baby Farrald, yet the home
was never quite the same again.

July of that year 1910 Ivy's family moved to

a comfortable home with a spacious yard in Salt
Lake City which her father had purchased from his
brother Andrew and which was reported to have
been built for early church President John Taylor.
(Details of this home, written by Andrew's daugh-
ter Edythe, are included in an earlier chapter.)
Ivy has written a little about her life from here on
and from this we quote:

"I remember Grandfather and Grandmother |
Christensen very well. They used to come and stay
at our house almost every year after we moved to
Salt Lake, to attend General Conference, One
_ thing I especially recall is that after they had gone
_ to bed each night, since Pearl's and my bedroom
adjoined theirs, they would talk to us what seemed
like hours about,politics, _

"I started school at the Roosevelt School,
9 East and 33 South, and went to eighth grade in
the Hawthorn School on 17 South 7 Bat. I attended
High School at Granite High, 33 South 5 East. I was
active in sports of all kinds, especially outdoor
sports. I enjoyed dramatics in High School, which
took us out of town and to different schools and
churches to put on small plays.

ny took piano lessons for two years from
Marion Cannon. I was organist in the Primary and
Sunday School in Wandemere Ward. I played for
