Rex Christensen 800

him, as well as a number of grandchildren and
brothers and sisters.

Mabel has written of him and we quote:-
"Rex had brown hair, brown eyes, a fair complexion
and an even temper. I found him very easy to get
along with. Everyone he met seemed to like him
right away. As aman he had very good health up
until the last dozen years when he developed
emphysema, He was an avid fisherman, I have
seen him catch fish when others around him couldn't
even get a bite. He loved the outdoors and said he
felt a closeness to his Creator when on a stream or
in the hills, He recalled many summers of hard
work on the ranch in Wyoming with his father and
brother Lucien, He attended school both in Lyman
and Evanston, Wyoming. He was a boxer in his
high school years and at one time won the Golden
Glove tournament in his area,

'When Rex was just past nineteen he was
called to serve a mission for the church in New
Zealand. He had his endowment 2 Apr. 1925 and
left the mission home shortly afterwards, traveling
by train to Vancouver, Canada and then by boat
from there. He returned by boat to San Francisco
in 1928, the boat trip having taken nineteen days
each way. While on his mission he had appendicitis
and later on pneumonia. He said only the faith of
the Elders and the grace of God saved his life on
those occasions. He loved the time he spent on
his mission and he loved the Maori people. Occa-
sionally he commented on how eager these people
were to help the Elders.

"Once at a Conference there President McKay,
then an Apostle, was in attendance, Afterwards,
outside, there was an intoxicated man who was
angry with the Mormons for some reason or another.
All worked up in his anger, he approached Brother
McKay and challenged him to a fight. He raised his
fists to strike the great Apostle who stood there
calmly, saying not a word but just looking at him
in pity with those piercing eyes of his. As suddenly
as he had raised his fists, the enraged man fell to
his knees sobbing and asking forgiveness, Rex
said this incident helped to increase the testimonies
of the other people who were present - and also his own.
