481 Christian

the last time she saw him until she stood by his
deathbed at The Oasis in Wyoming the first part
of October. The circumstances of Christian's
accident and death have been covered in a previous
chapter but we should like to present his daughter
Pearl's courageous and moving account of those
also:--

''Father was shot the night of Oct. 2nd 1917,
at the ranch, and died there Oct. 5th, He was to
have gone up in another direction, but he did not
go and of course we didn't know this, He had cau-
tioned Roy and me to shoot for help if we saw any-
thing moving in the area. I feel that I was at fault
as much as Roy, although he held the gun, for just
as he fired in the air from the doorway the screen
door Iwas trying to hold open for him flew shut on
the gun, putting the shot onto father. Of course
we didn't know at the time that it was father. All
we knew was that we could see someone moving in
our yard, that we had been told to shoot for help
in such a case, and that we were frightened. I
guess this was just supposed to be - just one of
those things, This has been so terrible for us to
live with. As for me, I can hardly stand to talk
about it even now, after more than fifty years,

We all loved our father so dearly!

"He lived three days after he was shot in the
back, The bullet lodged in his chest and ricocheted
so badly that they dared not move him, except into
the ranch house. He suffered terribly. He talked
to us and forgave us with all his heart and soul,
because he knew we did not mean to do it. We
were just carrying out his orders to shoot for help
if we saw anything moving. They embalmed him
at the ranch and then we took his body on the train
to be further prepared for burial. Then we took
his body on to Gunnison where his funeral and
burial were held, 12 Oct. 1917."

Sensitive people sometimes seem to die a
little themselves with experiences such as these;
but life must go on for them nevertheless, for they
too "have promises to keep and miles to go before
they sleep - and miles to go before they sleep".
Christian's descendants should take comfort in
his nobleness of character and the examples he
