545 Albert

barn, buggy shed and small horse-run. Inthe

a al were always a milch cow or two, some
chickens, perhaps a few lambs, and father's
thoroughbred horses often lifting their noble heads
high over the big corral gates.

Against the backdrop of Albert and Jennie's
two homes and their numerous activities was staged
the memo rable drama of the family life that we
their children knew and cherish. The scenes invite
US even now, It was at our first home that I sought
father's sheltering arms in fright at the sight of
My first bewhiskered, bell jangling 'ttho-ho-hoing'!
Santa Claus, while my younger sister, Elaine,
Stood up bravely and gave her order -- ''I want
=e and dahbug". It was here we took our first

Space flights'' holding tight to the long rope Swing
Secured high up in our poplar trees and operated

Y father's strong arms. It was here we were
roused from our beds at midnight and lifted high
‘n those same strong arms to the attic window to
id Halley's Comet, a fiery ball in the sky with
@ tail of stardust trailing behind. It was father
ac allayed our fears that with the coming of this
COmet the world would end, as people were Saying.

It was with father as guide that we rode _
Saddlebags through the dense forests to the sheep
Camp and trembled at the bear stories told by the

erder, Tillby, as we went along. It was later,
With father's consent, that we rompe

‘ls of giant wool sacks at the shearing corral in
Christenburg, It was with him we first picnicked
at "Devil's Ribs'' and roamed Temple Hill in —
S€arch of ''Indian Eyeballs". It was he who baited
Our hooks as we fished for sunfish at Funk's Lake,
or for carp at Nine Mile Reservoir at sundown.

Father drove the hayrack in which we crossed
the river wheel-deep at Gunnison Ranch to gather
redberries and with him we watched the long legged
Killdee rs wading there and listened to their shrill
bird Cries at eventide. It was with him holding
the lines that we rode in the buggy with "Stride On"!
In the harness on so many happy little trips to see
our Danish grandparents, OF through the west
fields in search of sagebrush for mother to brew
for hair rinsings, or merely to discover the first

d over the
