695 Edith Lovena

by friends, Imet Dr. Burtis F, Robbins who had
just returned from his training in New York and
was ready to start his practice. He looked dis-~-
tinguished but was a man of few words - mostly of
one syllable, or so it seemed to me. Iwas used
to being catered to and amused, if you please.
The evening of dinner and dancing finally over he
drove me home, stopped the car, and resting his
hands on the wheel, remained silent. Strangely,
at that moment an inner voice spoke to me in
ringing clearness: 'Edythe, this is the man!' In
my heart of hearts that first night I knew that Dr,

Robbins was the one for me.

He continued to date me - not often but con-
sistently. He took me to many of the best things,
He was a busy man Setting up his practice, and
besides was superintendent of the Sunday School
and worked inthe M.I.A. in the 18th Ward, I
became active in the Farmers' Ward, counselor
in M,I. A., director of the Ward plays and doing
things musically - I'm sure Dr, Robbins was much
sought after and I did my share of other dating. At
one time I mentioned to him that come fall I thought
of going east again. ‘Oh, you don't want to do that'
was his answer. Fall came and I prepared to go'to
Boston, I hadn't heard a word from my Dr. friend
for three weeks and was hurt and left without a
word to him. Arriving in Boston I received the
longest letter I have ever received from Burtis -
but no proposal of marriage,

"I threw myself into my work at the Conser-
vatory - mostly piano, for which I had the best
teacher of my career. I became engaged that
winter to a young law student from Utah who was
graduating from Harvard, No sooner was this
done than I knew I couldn't go through with it. But
how to get out of it without hurting him? There is
no such thing - such things always hurt.

"I returned home the spring of 1925. Plans
were laid for me to begin work teaching group
piano in the fall. Burtis welcomed me with
enthusiasm but dating went on the same - slowly.
The winter went by and I also taught part of the
summer. The fall of 1926 rolled around and with
it my second year of teaching group piano. I took
