Phillip Van Buren 864

BYU. We became engaged just before Christmas.
I recall well that night. We were in an old Ply-
mouth coupe that I then had, in which I used some
sort of alcohol base as an anti-freeze. The night
was cold and we were driving over toward Spanish
Fork when the alcohol boiled out of the radiator
somewhat and there was a short in the wiring and
the car caught fire. This was quite something to
have happen on our engagement night.

"The Second World War was brewing in
Europe and conditions were mighty uncertain; and
although I was doing a little work after Christmas
in the law office with Dad and Sherman, I talked to
them and told them I was going to apply to the FBI
for a position as special agent. I will never forget
the long telegram I received just after the first of
that year 1941, offering the sum of $3, 200.00 a
year for this position in the FBI, limmediately
replied that I would take the job. Gwen and I dis-
cussed my leaving, and since she was finishing her
last year at college we didn't plan on being married
until it was over. In talking of my future office
assignments she stated that she didn't care where
we went if it were not a hot place like New Orleans,

"T arrived in Washington D, C, Mar. 3, 1941,
at the Justice Building. I recall the beautiful brief
case, the fine looking men, all strangers to me,
and my taking my place among them in the big,
beautiful room. Iwas thrilled as my name,
appearing alphabetically on the list between a
Carlson and a Dutwyler, was read out and I was

_ sworn in and received my brief case. A 38 revolver

was in it, along with volumes of rules, regulations
and instructions. My counselor was Jeptha Rogers,
a tall Texan, General instructions were given and
we were told to go out and buy some range clothing
and be back to leave for the Marine base at Quantico
by bus that evening. The training was rather short,
seven weeks, but thorough and concentrated and
consisted of firearms use, photography, jujitsu,
fingerprinting, etc.

"The day of greatest excitement came when
we received our office assignments, and guess
what? Iwas assigned to New Orleans. I called
Gwen about it as soon as I could and she relieved
