129 Kobberod

the beginning and the end at almost one and the
same minute.

Time was drawing well on into the late
afternoon when they pulled up at the coach barn in
Visby, about half way, to change teams. It was
bitter cold! Else ate her lunch then, and recalled
an old Scandinavian proverb which went something
like this:-- 'When the days begin to lengthen, the
weather begins to strengthen.'! So too does the
Jutland wind, she thought; for they were now close
to the Limfjord and the wind was stiff and still
rising. The time of travel had seemed long but
she contented herself with the knowledge that all
things must draw to a close, both good and bad.
They continued on from Visby for another hour or
so, following the main thoroughfare going south,
then turned west at Ydby and followed a lesser
highway some distance to the town of Gettrup.
Here the other passenger alighted, and he seemed
to take much of the little warmth that had been in
the coach with him. Else was thoroughly chilled
and dark was gathering. They drove past a white
Parish church and on west from the town a spell,
then turned onto a farm road swinging southwest
towards the water again. She could see nothing
outside now, except where the coach lights cast
their gleam, but it was only two more miles
before they began passing straggling farm houses,
with lanterns hung out and dogs barking warnings
against their coming. They were approaching
Kobberod, the driver said, and Else straightened
her shawl and bonnet and began getting her baggage
in order, Then the long winter's ride ended for
her as the coachman pulled up right at the
Christensen's very door and dropped her.

Helped in hurridly out of the wind and cold,
midst most friendly greetings, Else was escourted
to a comfortable sitting room and soon seated by a
big open fire, which would have warmed her
thoroughly had not the cheery welcome of the
delightful family done it first. Here it seemed
then to her was the best she had ever had in all
her dreaming of it. As introductions were made
she marked the name of each, as well as the
appearance and manner. A well-bred, tidy and
