Vera Clark 900
for she was the one to die while I got well,

'The morning she died Alta and I were awake
and Mother wrapped us in quilts and took us into the
room where she lay. We were still under quarantine
for scarlet fever and the only one who could leave
the place was Dad, He went to work, did our
shopping and all. LaFaye's funeral services were
held on our lawn and they had her casket just inside
the front door, It was cold, since she died 24 Feb.
1927. Mother sat near with us children all around
her while Dad went with the casket to the Goshen
Cemetery. It was a sad, sad time."

George Washington had his story about the
cherry tree and Vera has her own ''cherry'" story:-
"Another thing I remember about my illness was
when I regained my appetite. Iwas starved. I
asked for a dish of cherries one day and I was so
hungry I said I wanted twenty-one cherries. Dad
brought me in a dish of bottled cherries, saying he
had no idea how many there were, But I counted
each cherry as I ate it and there were exactly
twenty-one cherries.'' Even in little things such
as this her parents demonstrated their love for her.

"Aunt Emma asked me to come to Gunnison
and visit them one summer. In fact, I spent two
or three summers there with Uncle Charles, Aunt
Emma, Ada, Imelda and sometimes Byron, After
Aunt Emma died, and Ada was married and Byron
was on his mission, I not only spent the summer
but the whole winter in Gunnison with Imelda and
Uncle Charles. I took my seventh grade work
there that winter.

"Thad just finished sixth grade when our
family moved from Goshen to Santaquin, 1 May 1940.
Dad bought a lot with no house on it, He moved a
big garage from our place in Goshen onto the lot
to make two rooms, We rented a house on the
same block and lived in that while he built our
home, When I came back from my year in Gunni-
son to attend school in Santaquin I was a stranger
but soon got acquainted. I graduated from the
ninth grade after two winters there and then took
the bus to Payson to attend high school, from
where I graduated the spring of 1936, While
