é
363 Yesterday's Windows

Childhood reflected in their adult lives, I never
remember seeing any of my Christensen uncles or
my father smoking, nor did my grandfather Chris-
tensen use the harmful and obnoxious weed, Of
course the gentler sex never smoked in those days,
as far as I know, But most.of the boys must have
tried it at one time or another for that seemed to
be the thing to do, In Albert's recollections he
tells of his "try'":-- ''Some of my group - I cannot
remember their names - were trying to imitate
the older boys they knew who smoked. I somehow
thought I would try this experiment so I bought a
Sack of Bull Durham and a package of cigarette
paper and proceeded home with the intention of
learning the art. Somehow I didn't even think of
hiding it from my mother, who was working about
the house and yard. I did remember that she had
Said in my hearing that she hoped her boys would
never be seen with a cigar in their mouths. Well,
when IJ was in the act of rolling my first cigarette
my mother came along and observed what I was
about to do. The look on her face was so sad that
it startled me. She said, ‘Albert, are you going
to smoke?'! Tears came to her eyes and she +
turned away. The look on her face struck me with
Shocking force. I took the Durham and the paper
and threw them into the irrigation ditch. Mother
never mentioned the subject thereafter but I never

thought of smoking again."

Pearl remembers her father Chris telling
about his experience with smoking:-- ''Being out
with the sheep so much he had taken up the habit
of smoking. One day he ran out of smokes and the
Craving for one became So intense he could hardly
bear it, He was alone in the mountains far from
any other place or sheep-camp and could not leave
his own herd, He said he felt he would go mad if
he couldn't have a smoke. Then he thought of the
dying campfire - perhaps he could find the unused
butt of one in that! Quickly he knelt down by the
heap of ashes and began pawing frantically through
them in search of a cigarette butt. All of a sudden,
in his mind's eye, he stood up and viewed himself
as he crouched there groveling around in the ashes
and soot like a wild animal. Utterly ashamed, he
got up from his knees and vowed then and there
