803 Clifton Christensen

in Goshen and then went by bus to Payson, Utah
where he attended High School,

"Clifton was ordained a Deacon in the church
1 Apr. 1919 by William Spangenberg in Ogden, and
a Teacher 25 Mar. 1923 by Robert E, Finch in
Goshen. On 24 Apr. 1926 he left for Florida and
worked in electrical work until Sep. 1927. After
a short interval at home he started to work for the
Power and Light Company around Austin and Round
Rock, Texas, and stayed there until about July 1928.
He then worked for the Bingham Canyon Copper
mine till December that same year and then went
back to Texas, working around Ft. Worth and Waco
for the Texas Power and Light and Texas Electric
Service Company. In October of 1929 he was
working at El Paso, Texas for the El Paso Electric
Co. Fromthere he went to Merida, Yucatan,
Mexico, and worked there until September of the
next year, During the year 1931 he worked for
Walker Mine in California, then in 1932 went to
work at Boulder Dam, Later he worked for Tintic
Standard Mine near Dividend, Utah, and then for.
Utah Power and Light Co. in Provo Canyon.and
Park City. In 1936 he worked at. Pioche and Las
Vegas, Nevada, until just before getting married
to Rhea Wilson. After this he went to work for an
electric company in California, living at various
places such as Montebello, Alpine and Whittier."

Clifton wrote a bit about himself and we
quote:-- "In 1926 my brother Edgar and I went to
Miami, Florida, to work for a power company.
We were there in the hurricane of Sep. 1926 when
so many lives were lost and so much damage
occurred, After about 18 months in Florida we
went to Texas where we worked for a Texas utility
company that was building lines to service a large
oil pipeline going to the Eastern States. Two years
later we went to Merida, Yucatain, Mexico, to
work for the Electric Bond and Share Co. until the
depression stopped all work there. I worked on
the Hoover (Boulder) Dam while it was being built.

"I married Rhea Hazel Wilson of Payson, the
girl from across the street, 17 June 1937 in Salt
Lake City, Utah. (She was born 7 Nov. 1913 in
Eureka, Utah to Robert Henry and Zelpha Nisonger
