Bested 102

At sea, the Danish fleet remained superior,
as usual, and kept the German ships from coming
in to help, but the German troops needed no help
from anybody. They took Dybboel Hill from the
Danes, who had hung onto it desperately for eight
weeks against the great odds, _A terrific bombard-
ment, 18 Apr. 1964, drove out the last of the
brave defenders, who pushed north to Fredericia,
last remaining fortress in Jutland, and from thence
evacuated the peninsula and scattered to the various
islands, leaving the whole of it in the hands of the
Germans, who by now outnumbered the Danish
soldiers by perhaps ten to one, The Danes had
lost upwards of 5,000 dead, wounded or prisoners,
while the ever increasing enemy's losses were set
at about 1,200. The victors soon took possession
of both North and South Jutland and oppressed the
people by collecting one war tax after another in
rapid succession, though they never crossed over
to the Islands. They won what they were after, for
the discouraged Danes gave up at last, and the
Peace Treaty, 1 Aug. 1864, gave the Austro-
Prussian Germans all of Holstein, Laurenburg
and almost all of Slesvig (Schlesvig). The final
terms were not ratified until 30 Oct., at which
time Denmark was required to give back all the
German warships her navy had captured, besides,
So for a time the hated enemy reigned supreme in
North and South Jutland, and forced the Danish
officials there to collect their taxes, Peace being
finally restored, the hostile armies vacated, having
nearly ruined the land by heavy taxations and gen-
eral depression of business, which was the unavoid-
able consequence of the war.

In the meantime the reduced family of farmer
Anders C, Christensen went about its own business
as much as. possible and attempted.to right itself,
after the upset to the country, and carry onin
Norhaa. There were no male helpers at home, or
to hire, so Anders sought the aid of his daughters.
Else, having returned from High School and being
the most skilled at outdoor things, worked side-by-
side with her father, planting, milking, and even
shearing the sheep they kept for their own use,

She could shear a sheep or drive a team as good
