333 With Flags Flying

the Edmunds law. This act opened the door for
the restoration of property and civil rights to the
much beleaguered Saints.

Else K. Christensen joined the party of
Lincoln, the Republican, and became one of its
staunchest supporters in Gunnison Valley. It was
jokingly said of her that ''she could spend all day
shearing sheep and then go and give stump speeches
for the Republican Party half the night" in her
enthusiasm for this cause. It has also been stated
that from the time she was first given her voting
franchise she never failed to cast her vote in an
election to which she was entitled, as long as she
lived. She valued this privilege highly. Her
Danish sisters didn't begin to enjoy the same right
until 1915, during the First World War, although
naturalized women in Utah had been granted their
franchise on 2 Feb. 1870. It was while Else was
living in Gunnison that she was sent as a delegate
from that district to the Republican State Conven-
tion in Salt Lake City, to assist in the selection of
the Republican state ticket. One might rightly
have called her ''Mrs, Republican of Gunnison
Valley !'' Laurs too was a Republican as long as
he lived and as long as the party was in existence
in Utah, and was undoubtedly just as staunch in
his conservative convictions as Else, but obviously
much less outspoken and demonstrative.

The Denver and Rio Grande Railroad finally
came to Gunnison Valley the spring of 1891. The
first depot was located in west Christenburg on
the main road from Mayfield to Gunnison and about
two miles from Gunnison proper. As the "iron
horse" first came puffing down the track, people
were on hand from miles around to witness the
great event. Little children screamed, horses
bolted, and men and women wept for joy. A gala
celebration followed. By 13 June the train had
arrived in Axtell, and by 30 June as far south as
Salina, The boom of the railroad building, which
had sparked the economy of the area for twenty
years, pretty well ceased by the end of that year.
A depression began and by 1893 was so severe that
wheat, the main medium of exchange, sold for as
low as 30¢ per bushel. Laurs had worked at
