Joseph 522

ambitions to be able to give to each of his sons, in
turn, a productive, well-stocked farm of his own,
as he had done Harold.

However, Joseph's main work during the
better part of his lifetime was school work, and
how he loved it. He was in the classroom, either
as a student or ateacher, for forty-five years.
During that time he studied much of the time to
keep abreast of things. It has been said that one
seldom saw him sit down without a book in his |
hands, Truly, he was a great reader, student and
teacher as well, for from his early youth it had
been one of his great ambitions to achieve a high
standing in the educational world, and to this he
had devoted much of his time.

He gave up the classroom sometime near the
period that ended the First World War. He had
decided to go forward in the direction of another
ambition, that of developing and stocking his other
farms with a view to getting them in order for his
boys yet inthe home. This done, he undoubtedly
planned to settle down to some of his own personal
projects and begin to realize his dreams for him-
self and Roxie. There was a great feeling of specu-
lation in the air then. People were venturing
financially on all sides. War prices were still on
and things looked rosy ahead. Joseph decided to
feed lambs on quite a scale for the then excellent
market. He borrowed thousands of dollars to buy
them. He also invested in some hogs, in hopes of
benefiting there also. Harold said that his father
figured that if he were successful in this venture
he could retire from his labors by the time he was
fifty-five and then spend his time doing the things
he himself longed to do.

But Joseph never realized this ambition for
the bottom fell out of everything and the market
crashed, Instead he lost heavily. This was a
great blow to him from which he never quite
recovered, Nevertheless, he turned over his
much-loved home and some other property to his
creditors and moved his family to the "Rocky .
Point" farm house he had earlier built for some
Japanese. Roxie made it as comfortable as
possible, Here they continued feeding a few sheep
