Tragedy 200

there, or an incident is recalled of some who
came in that ill-fated wagon-caravan in 1866:
Dorthy Madsen of Manti tells of her great grand-
mother, Christena Roth Jensen of Holstein,
Germany, who came with her husband and children
on the ship "Cavour", Her husband, Louis Jensen,
a Dane from Copenhagen, died as they followed
with the Lowry company along the Sweetwater

River in Wyoming Territory, 11 Sep. 1866, and
was buried there the next day.

then and hardly knowing what to
and prayed to her Heavenl
to whether to eventually go back to her people in
the Old Country or to settle in Zion, At this mo-
ment, as she looked up into Heaven, she beheld a
bright star in the western sky.
struck her as being an answer to her prayers and
she knew then that she must settle in the west. So
this brave thirty-five year old mother took her

small fatherless children, from five years to nine
months old, including twins, and settled in Sanpete
Valley at Manti. Utah's last Original pioneer, Hilde
Anderson Erickson, who passed away January 1968
at one hundred and eight years of age, came with

the Abner Lowry Company across the plains and
Settled first in Sanpete. Perhaps one of the most
pathetic stories of members of the Abner Lowry
Company that has yet come to light is the one told

by a Swedish Saint who came on the ship "Cavour".
This is how sixteen year old Charles Peter Warnick
told it:-- "I, together with my parents, Anders
Peter and Anna Helena Anderson Warnick, my two
brothers, John August and Anders Gustave, my
sister Anne Christine, two sisters-in-law and

three children, left our Native land in the latter

part of April 1866, We were thankful that we had
thus been blessed of the Lord that we were able to
go to Zion where we might live and worship with
those of our faith, without fear of mobs or ridicule.
But alas! How short sighted are we human beings!
We boarded the sailing vessel "Cavour" at Hamburg,
June Ist 1866, for our trip across the great Atlantic.
The supply of water was very limited-for such a

long journey, which lasted nine weeks,
allowed one quart of water per famil
water itself was terribly bad,

Feeling very alone
do, she knelt down
y Father for guidance as

This immediately

We were
y per day. The
Other rations were
