Emma 602

Charles attended the public schools of Gunni-
son and graduated from the eighth grade, He had
decided to attend B. Y. A. in Provo, when he was
offered a job he felt he could not afford to turn down.
Imelda writes of this: 'A Mr. Bown offered Daddy
a high salary if he would take over some of his herds
of sheep; in fact, the price was above ave rage and
too attractive for those days and he went on the job.
We often felt like scolding Mr. Bown when we were
older, for our Daddy would have been a real mathe-
matics major - or So we thought. He was always
measuring hay and could tell measurements of size,

weight and acreage, etc., so easily, although his
book learning was so little."

Charles must have done all right with Mr.
Bown's sheep, for before he was twenty-five years
old he had a large farm with a nice two-story house
on it, some stock and equipment and a fine driving
horse and rig of his own, all paid for. He was
prepared to take a wife and ready and able to
Support a family. But he was having a little diffi-
culty in this respect, for the girl he had chosen
had made some rather Stringent demands of him,
before she would become his bride.

It seems that none of Charles' people were
members of the L.D.S, Church ~- nor was he. The
girl he had his eyes on, Emma Christensen, refused
to marry him unless he could take her to the L.D.S.
Temple for the ceremony, This must have seemed
difficult for a young man of his age, but he set about
to try to qualify himself to become a member of the
church in which she was affiliated. He succeeded,
however, and was baptized into the L,D.S. Church

30 May 1903, just eleven days prior to his twenty-
fifth birthday.

Charles courted Emma in his one seated rig
drawn by his fine horse, and it was in this outfit
that he took her to the beautiful Manti Temple, 30
Sept. 1903, to be married, thus fulfilling their
dream of several years, He took her home to live
on his ranch about one mile east of Gunnison and it
was here she lived the remainder of her days, and
here that each of their three children, one son and
two daughters, were born. It was here also that
two little stillborn daughters came to them and
