827 Virgil Bartholomew

accommodations in Fayette, and then come back
and get their car fixed in the Morning. The man
turned to him and said 'Are you a Bishop? '
Virgil laughed and said, 'Well, I might look the
part but I'm not. '

"He has been a Ward Teacher, Second Coun-
selor in the MIA, and on 3 Dec. 1950 was put in
as Second Counselor in the Sunday School Superin-

On 23 Nov. 1952 he was made First
for several years.

Melchizedek priest-
hese duties when he

tendency.
Counselor and held the office
He was also secretary of the
hood but was released from t
became employed in Salt Lake.

He likes to tell about

"Virgil loves to hunt.
e, when he got into a

the time, over west of Fayett
flock of geese, killing eight - he was so excited
about that. He likes to fish, always trying to outdo
his boys, which isn't easy. I don't believe he has
ever missed a deer hunt since he became old
enough to go. He always goes up Twelve Mile and
all through the years has always gotten his deer.
Our youngest son said, 'T wouldn't miss that first
night of the deer hunt for anything - sitting around
the campfire listening to all the deer stories they
tell.' The fall of 1966 there were thirteen men in
Virgil's hunting party and they killed twelve deer -
it was most exciting! They put all the deer in one
pickup truck and came down the canyou singing and
tooting the horns of their cars for all the other
hunters to see and hear. They telephoned ahead
from Mayfield for their wives to meet them in
Gunnison and take pictures of the haul.

We have traveled quite a bit. Virgil went
back to Detroit after one of his trucks, He drove
to Los Angeles to pick up 4 load of furniture for a
lady and said he liked to never have gotten out of
than crry. ln 1964 we drove to Moab. and watched
some of the filming of 'The Greatest Story Ever
Told', currently being shown in local theaters,
Then we drove on to see the Arizona Temple at
Mesa and the Wax Museum in Scottsdale and other
points of interest in Phoenix, etc. In 1965 we
traveled to San Diego, Tijuana, Mexico, and
visited a daughter in Los Angeles. In 1966 we
went to San Francisco and drove over to see the
