A Lovely Land 4

Danish men and Danish women are not easily
swayed or changed; they seldom lose their identity
or their moorings, This seems to be one of-their
outstanding characteristics. They go about their .
business with cool-headed confidence in themselves
and their country. They give the impression that
they know where they are going and how to get
there! Obviously, Danes are not all alike; but
though there are numerous classifications and
varieties, there seems to be only one name-brand:
"Deep Down Danes", They cling to their land,
their homes and families, their friends, their
purposes and traditions with a steadfastness that is
gratifying in this fly-by-night age. However, it
would be a mistake to think of them as a somber
peoples--they are anything but that. They are
best known for their gaiety and hospitality. Any

“harshness of their lives is well cushioned with that
rare Danish humor for which they are so famous.
It is easier to think of the Danes as one big family
rather than a nation; for of all the European peoples
they seem to be the most domestic, friendly and
uncommonly happy - and especially so out in the
countryside,

And how the Danish people, one and all, love
to celebrate! Every holiday or special occasion
calls for a ''festival''; their lives are literally
punctuated with them: family festivals, village
festivals, State festivals; festivals for birthdays,
confirmations, gold and silver wedding anniver-
saries, etc., as well as house-warmings, Not
only is there a festival when the new house is first
occupied but even before, when the rafters are
raised and the roof newly placed, they fly a Danish
flag from tip-top, put a wreath around its pole and
"raise the roof and rafters' all over again! Each
family party includes everyone from Grandma to
baby. With each new festival out come the flags,
the garlands, the open-faced sandwiches, the
coffee and pastries, as well as plenty of good old
Danish beer, People make verses, songs and
toasts to the celebrated and there is as much good
cheer passed around as refreshments. What
matters if present day celebrations are not as
meaningful as those of yore, as long as there are
festivals? The Danes' summers are brief and they
