863 Phillip Van Buren

tremendous amount of money Father invested was
not more productive. But anyway, I went to work
for the Grand Deposit Mining Co., which was
about. seventy miles northeast from Ely, Nevada,
It was quite an experience going down the shaft and
working in the mine, Ihad the usual trying exper-
iences of a 'green hand'. My main partner wasa
fellow who had had some trouble with the Juvenile
Court and was on probation and he didn't spare me,
During the summer Father came out to the mine on
different occasions and we talked about my contin-
uing on at law school. He told me that he would
help me but he wanted me to go full time. At the
end of, the summer I was paid partly in cash and —
partly in mining stock for my work; the. latter I.
sold at quite a disadvantage. ©

"While working in San Francisco I had pur-
chased a 1938 Oldsmobile. During my‘school that
winter at:the University of Utah: I was forced to
sell it and:'took in as part payment an:old Austin.
That summer of 1940 I drove it up to Wyoming to
work for the livestock company again and took my
younger brother: Cullen -and two'other fellows with
me.. Idon't recall how much money I was able to
save . from my summer's work but though it was
not a great deal it did help a little in ‘getting .
started back to school at the U of U that late fall.
I had pretty well concluded my law studies at‘the ©
U of U by Christmas of 1940, but had one or. two
other classes I] had to take. Father was still
helping me financially but I did what work I could,

"It was in the spring of 1940 that I met. Gwen:-
first at the home of Mrs, Pardoe when. interrupted
one of her private dramatic lessons and:another |
time in Keeleys on East Center Street, And then:

I saw her leading the Richfield Drum and Bugle »
Corps in some function at BYU. i recall her long
black hair, ready smile and her beauty... Thad -<
been with girls: before and had thought-I was in: >~
love but I knew this was. the real ‘thing. Thats: .:
summer I went down to see her’atsher: home in ©):
Richfield on one or two occasions, before going

to Wyoming. And of course after school started

I came down from Salt Lake. to. ‘Provo to see her
as often as possible, since she was again, attending
