Time's Hourglass 442

then including Edith, Wendell, Sheldon, Luther
and Lucile; while Albert had come from Manti,
bringing with him his five motherless children,
Virginia, Elaine, Sherman, Hale and Phillip.
Emma and Charles and their three children,
Byron, Ada and Imelda were all present. Louis
and Florence had brought all their seven with
them from Wyoming, LaFaun, Lucien, Rex,
Dale, Weldon, Alice and baby Rose, six months
old and youngest of the group, With Louis and his
family were guests from Lyman, Wyoming, Bishop
Clarence Rollins, who had spoken at the funeral,
and his daughter Ada.

Caroline and her children, Pearl, Elmer,
Roy, Ivy, Farrald and Gordon, were not in atten-
dance at this Christensen family gathering, for
they had left as soon as possible after the services
to return to their home in Salt Lake City. Elsie
and her five youngsters, A, Owen, Edgar, Clifton,
Edith and Ellamae, had also left right away to
return to Wyoming, and Vena had gone back with
them since her husband George had been unable to
accompany her to Gunnison and she undoubtedly
wished to rejoin him as soon as possible,

Laurs and Else and the others were likely
disappointed at not getting them to stay for the
taking of a family group picture. But they went
ahead with the picture nevertheless, all of those.
present standing out in front of the red brick house,
Laurs and Else both looked their full seventy years,
for Christian's death had been a great shock to
them. Most looked sad or thoughtful in the picture
that was taken that 12th of October 1917, but Aunt
Roxie's sweet face coming up like a full moon over
Grandfather's shoulder helped to brighten it up
some, It must have been hard to realize at.the
time that it had been ten whole years since their.
last family group picture had been taken. There
were a number of new faces on this one - but some
were missing, and not just. because they had not
stayed to be taken.

We can imagine that part of the discussion
carried on among the adults at this gathering was
concerning their getting together oftener. Life
was so uncertain and time so precious and it
