Edith Bartholomew 836

from Gunnison to Wyoming to Ogden and finally to
Goshen, Utah. Here she was set apart at age
twelve and a half, 6 Sep. 1922, as Sunday School
Organist, by Robert Finch, also set apart 1 Jan,
1923 as Primary organist, as well as serving as
a teacher in the same organization. She finished

tenth grade while living in Goshen, having previously

attended school at Lyman, Wyoming, and Ogden,
Utah.

Edith then attended Payson High School from
which she graduated 18 May 1927. Inthe Spring of
1931 her family moved into a new home in Payson
and here she continued her church Service, becom-
ing organist of Payson Fourth Ward Sunday School
as well as Ward organist. Later She became
chorister of Nebo Stake Primary.

Edith attended Brigham Young Unive rsity
and graduated there with a Bachelor of Arts degree,
4 June 1930. That fall she began teaching at Payson
Junior High School and taught there four consecutive
winters, Inthe meantime she Started keeping com-
pany with a young man named Heber C. Bauer,
summer of 1933 she went with him and Dr. & Mrs,

end the Century of Progress
Exposition in Chicago, Illinois,

She was married 22 Ju
Temple to this same Heber

1901 in Idaho Falls (Coltman) Idaho to Eberharbt
George and Katherine Christina Hauber Bauer), A
reception was held in their honor that same evening
in her parents' home in Payson. After a honeymoon
in Yellowstone National Park they made their first
home at 544 East lst No

rth in Payson. It was in
Payson also that their two children, Helen and

Boyd, were born, Dr. Merril] L. Oldroyd being
in attendance at both births.

In May of 1940 the Bauer family moved to
Glendale, Calif. and in Oc

tober 194] they moved
to North Hollywood, They returned to Utah ona
visit the early fall of 1943, Heber returned soon

to California to look over a new employment oppor-
tunity but was stricken with polio and was rushed
to a Los Angeles hospital. Edith was Summoned
and left the children with her parents in Payson,

ne 1934 in the Salt Lake
Carl Bauer (b, 9 Aug.
