This Land & Its People 8

ridges--to lie long under the ancient stars with no
man to name them. When the great ice melted for
the last time, enormous bodies of clay and gravel
were deposited all along the line of its retreat.

But it was ages before the land was finally liber-
ated and left out to dry in the sunshine. However,
the land was not even then as it is today, for there
was one continuous stretch of it connecting most of
the European continent, Only in the northernmost
part of the present North Sea area was there any
water. All south was land except for a couple of
large rivers flowing northward where the ''Belts'!
have since appeared. As the atmosphere became
milder this extensive land became covered with
dense coniferous forests, interspersed with rivers,
lakes and swamps, where roamed wild animals,

including reindeer and the mighty Aurochs, long
extinct,

Now a glacier can weigh upwards of 125 tons
per square foot, and when the millions of tons of
pressure was finally released from the crust of
the earth the land began to sink and the sea, fed
by the melting ice, began rising and eating its way
into the land. Then began a great struggle for
Supremacy between land and sea. Century upon
century the glutinous sea flung itself in among the
trees, overflowing streams and lakes, washing
away whole areas and sending all creatures fleeing,
panic stricken. Catastrophic storm floods lashed
and beat upon mountains and ridges and descended
in torrents upon valleys and shores, till much of
the land gave way and was lost beneath the roaring
waters, The surface that remained was scarred
and totally changed, Out of the great travail of this
land, Denmark was born, - Jutland and her 500
green islands,

a ee ae oe ee

The story of prehistoric man is also founded
only in myth. It is supposed that the first humans
to come to this area were reindeer hunters from
central Europe, following the reindeer north as
they followed the retreating glaciers. Then there
came to live throughout the ''Nordland" other
hunters from the south, with their families, who
sought their food in the great forests and in lakes
