471 Christian

herd, I discovered to my dismay that what had
appeared to be feed was a worthless red weed and
what held the sheep down was a plaster-of-paris
type of clay that gathered on and stuck to their feet,
When a sheep would succeed in extricating one foot
from this clay its other three feet would stick fast,
I notified my brother Chris of this condition and
together we went around the herd. We found that

a considerable number of the sheep had crossed
over into the swale, or valley, to the east. We
also found that a considerable number had moved
on to the west, They were in clay up to their sides,
We drove what sheep we could back to camp, where
the ground was more firm, then we attempted to
lift the other sheep out of the mud and place them
on firmer ground. We soon discovered that our
own feet would sink into the ground and when a

foot was pulled out the boot would remain fastened,
It was about dark when we got all of the mired sheep
back to firmer ground,

"The next day we worked the marooned sheep
over to a small hill where we had to leave them for
three or four days before we could get them back
with the rest of the herd, One of our burros got
into the clay up to her sides. We seemed unable
to get her out; so, rather than leave her in the mud
to die, we put a chain around her neck and attached
a team of horses to pull her out. To our astonish-
ment she came through the ordeal comparatively
unscathed. While she was useless until spring,
she later assumed her usual burdens. This was
the way we celebrated my sixteenth birthday, Dec.
13, 1888. (Chris was twenty-one)

"After the herd moved away from the mud
country we moved along leisurely. . . The winter
was quite severe. Along about February we were
forced to seek lower country. Feb. 28, 1889 was
one of the coldest nights Iwas ever out in. Several
sheep were frozen to death, The entire herd was
so cold that it failed to leave the bed-ground until
about noon of the following day. We moved down
into what was locally called 'Death Valley''. Day
after day came and went. Iwas up at daylight,
had breakfast, followed the sheep out onto the
range, generally came back to camp for luncheon,
