Bested 120

sudden Mette stood in the doorway of her bed-
chamber, disheveled, with eyes red from weeping.
"] will save you the bother," she said in as cold a
voice as Else had ever had from her, "Tell us"

she half commanded, ''we are all here but Christen;

tell us - Can you deny these things that have brought
us all down to disgrace in our homeland?"!

There was no other way out then for Else, so
she turned and faced her family squarely, almost
as if at bay, expecting the worst, and told them in
as gentle a manner as she could: -- ''Ja, Christen
did not lie; all he said is true - and more. lama
Mormon now. I was baptized the very day of the
night he saw me, Ihave been dismissed from my
position at the school too, because of it, so have
come home to you. Is there else you would have
me go in this weather? Is there anything wicked
in believing a better way or living a better life?"
Her voice quivered to a halt then; she had been sur-
prised at her own courage but more still that they
all stayed to listen, even Mette; although she
Started speaking again the minute Else had ceased,,
"What of Rudolph then - have you no feelings for
his pride? Do you expect to hold him to his wedding
bargain?'"' Else sensed a faint flicker of hope in her
mother's voice at that last question, but answe red,
''Nej -- I could not put him to such great test of his
love, Though I still regard him fondly as ever, I
could never marry a non-Mormon now; so I shall
pray him to free me from the bargain.'' Then she
took the gold band Rudolph had given her from her
finger and laid it gently on the table by her, asking
Mads if he would take it to him and beg him to

come there to the cottage that she might ask his
forgiveness,

At this Mette flung herself back into her bed-
chamber and onto her pillow, with noisy weeping
and wailing. Then Stine was seized with such a
coughing and wheezing spell that both Karen and
Else rushed to her and moved her arms up and
down and pounded lightly on her back, until she
was relieved; and then Karen helped her to her
room to bed. Marie would have stayed there with
her ears wide, had not Far sent her to her bed
also. Without a word, Mads had picked up the
