Westward 178

a meeting was held on the middle deck of the ship
where the Elders in charge gave instructions in
regards to cleanliness, order and decorum, On
Tuesday, May 22, more emigrants, together with
Elders Carl Winderborg, Niels Wilhelmsen, Geo.
M. Brown and Christian Christiansen, arrived in
Hamburg and were taken on board, This increased
the number of emigrants on the Kenilworth to 684
souls, besides the ship's crew; of these 583 were
from Denmark, 23 from Norway, 73 from Sweden
and 5 from Germany,

The next day (May 23rd) the Kenilworth left
her moorings and was towed by two small tugs a
short distance below Altona (where other supplies
were taken on, including barrels of fresh water).
On the 24th President Carl Winderborg and Elders
Wilhelmsen and Christiansen came on board and
organized the company for traveling, appointing
Samuel L. Sprague as president or leader with
Morten Lund as his assistant. Fred R. E, Berthel-
sen was appointed secretary and Ole H. Berg cap-
tain of the guard, The emigrants were divided into
42 messes or districts containing from twelve to
seventeen persons apiece, with a president over
each whose duty it was to receive provisions and
distribute them to the various families and indivi-
duals in his district; also to preside over prayers
night and morning for his respective group as well
as watch over each of those under his jurisdiction
and see that all rules of cleanliness and order, etc.,
were strictly obeyed. (We can easily imagine that
it was Elder Lars Myrup who would have been placed
in charge of the group which included the Christen-
sens from Kobberod.) On the same occasion the
ship was dedicated by President Carl Winderborg
and the prediction made that it should carry its
precious cargo of souls safe and well to the 'Land
of Promise", Timely and valuable instructions
were imparted by the brethren and the emigrants
were enjoined to yield strict obedience to the
brethren who had been appointed to preside,

On Friday, May 25, 1866, a little after noon,
the ships anchor was lifted and the Kenilworth was
towed down the river Elbe and at 9:00 P,M. sailed
past Cuxhaven at its mouth and was soon far out
