359 Yesterday's Windows

ill-fated eggs."

Ruth Ellen remembers her mother Roxie
telling about the good soup grandmother Else used
to make. ''She would cook up a big pot of it - a
soup bone, plenty of vegetables and spices and
Danish dumplings. About the time the family was
ready to sit down to eat, grandmother would
remember that 'Old Sister Hansen would like a
taste of this soup' and dispatch Louis or Arthur
to Sister Hansen's with some ina small lard
bucket, Then she'd recall that ‘Brother Nielsen
might like some nice hot soup’ and she'd send the
other boy off in the direction of Brother Nielson's
with another small pail of soup, By the time the
large family sat down for soup there was hardly
enough left to satisfy the hearty appetites. Truly
grandmother was the soul of generosity."

Tresia remembers when the tall, dark and
handsome Swede, Charles Peter Peterson, came
courting the dark-haired, rosy-cheeked Emma.
He came in a smart one-seated rig and brought
her box after box of chocolates which she passed
around and then put carefully away in her bureau
drawer, Like little mice, Tresia and Vena would
stealthily help themselves to the bonbons, one
after another; but if Emma knew, she was too
sweet and too much in love to lose her temper
about it. Charles drove Emma to the Manti
Temple in that selfsame rig, Wed. 30 Sept, 1903,
to be married, That evening her parents enter-
tained family, neighbors and friends at a wedding
supper at their home in Gunnison, Emma was
twenty-six then and Charles was twenty-five, but
once every year he caught up with her for one
month and two days during June and July. Charles
had a house all ready for his bride on property he
owned one mile east of Gunnison. They called the
place the "Bar Double C Ranch ( ).

Millie Gledhill's younger sister, Mary G.
Dowdle, remembers that the Gledhill and the
Christensen girls were playmates in the early
days, and always the best of friends. How the
neighbor children loved to go to Grandma Chris-~
tensen's, She always had some little treat for
them - cookies, buns or Danish pastries of some
