567 Albert

delicate white blossom sending forth such beautiful
and lasting fragrance as to almost defy description,

3 3K 3K K 3K

Myrtle Farnsworth Christensen, second wife
of Albert '"H", was born 30 July 1885. She could
be proud of her heritage for all four of her grand-
parents were early Utah Mormon Pioneers worthy
of note. Her maternal grandfather, Marcus
D'Lafette Shepherd, whose father had been an
aide-de-camp to General George Washington
during the American Revolution, became a
member of the Mormon Battalion, was in on the
gold rush in California and panned gold at Sutter's
Mill. Returning to Salt Lake City he presented his
sweetheart, Harriet Editha Pharish, with a sack
of gold nuggets as a wedding gift. They settled
first in San Bernadino Valley but later sold their
property there for a goodly sum of money and used
this to buy machinery with which to set up a woolen
mill in Beaver, Utah, where they were called to
colonize by Brigham Young. A cotton mill in
St. George and a shoe factory in Parawan were
set up about the same time by others.

Myrtle's paternal grandfather, Philo Taylor
Farnsworth, who migrated to Utah with the early
Saints in 1848, was immediately called to go back
to Winter Quarters with wagons and supplies to
assist in bringing destitute saints to Utah. Again
and again he made these trips and on one of them
met a young English convert, Margaret Yates,

He helped her to come to Zion, where they were
wed, The couple were sent south to Fillmore,
Utah to help settle that place, but later, in 1856,
Brother Farnsworth was called to Beaver to be-
come Bishop there, Myrtle's father was then but
a young child. Her grandfather became a poly-
gamist and had four wives and thirty children.

The Farnsworth and Shepherd children grew
up together in Beaver, The Farnsworths had many
struggles trying to feed and clothe their large
family, but were enterprising and hard working.
The Shepherds were considered well-to-do and
their children were given every advantage. In
