Virginia 710

bus, leaving Ellen and Phillip in the care of some
close neighbors and distant relatives, the Moffitts.
Colleen was in Jr. High at Helper and Dan and
Jennie attending Carbon High School, so they rode
the bus with me. Our son Dan graduated that -
spring. I prepared the music for the Baccalaureate
and Commencement services - it was a real chall-
enge. A few years before I had been invited to join
a Price community ladies chorus which twice each
year joined the city's male chorus in a public con-
cert. Iwas one of the leading soloists in their
presentation of Handel's Messiah at Christmastime
two different years,

- Being concerned with the cultural disadvantages
of raising our children in a mining camp.we did all
we could to combat this, Colleen took violin lessons,
Jennie studied the cello and Dan Jr. the bass fiddle,
as well as the mellaphone, We organized a stringed
quartett for a short time, with me playing the piano,
We had a family chorus but lacked a tenor, Jennie
and two of her little friends were organized into a
girls trio which we called ''The Three Little Maids,"'
They sang often at school and church, They won
first place in the Elks talent contest in Price one
year and Colleen won second on her violin. I
accompanied both. We sought the outstanding musi-
cal program on our radio, The children especially
‘enjoyed the ''All Girl Orchestra.'' Dan Jr. was in
both the Jr. High and High School bands, We
encouraged him and attended all his programs,

We sang at our work around the house, in unison
or harmony. I-can recommend singing together
as a bridge to the "generation gap"! in the family.
We seldom had disciplinary problems with our

_ children, .

‘In the spring of 1943 we moved back to Prove.
There were few houses for sale in the vicinity of
B.Y,U. where we wished'to settle, at a price that
we could afford. We finally found an old two-story
one at 362 North 400 East. We bought it and moved
in on election day in Nov. 1944, We have been
remodeling and fixing it up ever since and are
still at it. Dan has done so much work on it,
carrying out many of my ideas for beauty and his
for comfort. We have always worked well together
