Joseph 526

fill; therefore be it Resolved: that we tender to the
bereaved family of our departed member our
heartfelt sympathy and call their attention to the b
great work their father is now beginning, the unte
on the other side and the welcome he will receive
from relatives and friends who have gone before:
and be it further Resolved: that a copy of these
resolutions be given to the sorrowing family, 4”
also that they be placed upon the records of the
High Priests Quorum of Gunnison Stake. "'

Among the numerous characteristics and ors
qualities Joseph had inherited from his predeces®
was a quiet, dignified and deliberate mien from ™
father, as well as a handsome head of curly hal?»

and a great thirst for knowledge, both secular a”

religious, from his mother, He was a great theo”

logian as well as scholar and he used his wisdom
and knowledge for the benefit of others. He wa* ?
tall man. He left the world five tall sons, each a®
tall or taller than he, and one lovely daughter who
has been a great comfort to all of them over the
years =~ and he left a wise and loving wife and
mother to his children, as well as to other childre®
wherever she was privileged to serve.

ei daughter Ruth, in writing of her fathe?)
I feel that father's life can be best summe
up in these words taken from an editorial which

oe in the local newspaper soon after his

Thus we conclude his history b oting
. . a
that editorial Supplied by Ruth:-- -
: 'In the death of Joseph Christensen last ae
ree County, the Gunnison Valley and Gunnisor
o st one of their real Substantial and progressive
citizens, And these citizens - men, women and e€
a ptm ee their heads in sorrow and moun”
1s death, deeply and sg; 1 ees
hie lisweal thous: B goolcan: otecn

ughts, hi ¥ d him
to all who knew him 18 goodness, endeare

: t
and he was held in the highe®
esteem by thousands of warm friends and aamire™*’

"In his public life he proved efficient, hones

and was trusted, He § an
: occupied offices of trust
was placed there 7 ;

for his integrity, efficiency 2°
honesty; and never once was the a of criticis!™
pointed at him. Joseph Christensen was a scholat

Says;
