Emigration 58

not always the condition of things on board; for
beside the Scandinavian Saints, a number of other
emigrants crossed the Atlantic on that trip. Elder
Christoffer J, Kempe wrote of this:--''While peace
and good will reigned among the Saints, the others,
who were Lutherans, Baptists and Methodists, lived
more like cats and dogs together; some had disputes
and engaged in fights, others played cards and
swore, while some preached; altogether there was
real pandemonium."' Three adults died on the way
and twenty-five children succumbed from measles
and scarlet fever, One day a fire started on board
and created quite a panic before it was doused.
Meeting a ship coming from America, the west-
going emigrants were informed that the Civil War
there was over and the Union had won. All were
ordered on deck where they gave many rousing
cheers for the Red, White and Blue! It took this
company of emigrants 190 days to complete their
journey to Zion; namely, 42 days from Copenhagen
to New York, 12 days from New York to Wyoming,
Nebraska, 36 days preparing for the journey across
the plains (since no church wagons awaited them),
and 100 days travel from Wyoming to Salt Lake
City. The journey across the plains was not with-
out danger as the Indians were on the warpath and
the "Black Hawk War'' was raging in the state of
Deseret (Utah). At Fort Laramie this company,

in 45 ox-drawn wagons, was halted and warned by
U. S. officers there not to go any farther west
because of the hostility of the Indians. Free pass-
age was offered to them to any other part of the
United States they wished to go. A meeting of the
Saints was called where the brethren decided to
reject this offer and take their chances on reaching
Zion; so they went on. Elder Peter A, Nielsen,
one of these 1865 emigrants, gave this account of
what followed; "About three days out from Laramie
(at a place called Wood Hollow, where we camped
for noon), while the men were driving the teams to
a watering place about three quarters of a mile
from camp, about a dozen and a half well armed
Indians sprang from their ambush in the woods

and tried to drive off our oxen, We opened fire
and this frightened the oxen and they ran back to
camp, but seven of the brethren were badly
