Imeida Peterson 834

guests of Senator Thomas, This was another high-
light in her life,"

Sometime after returning from her mission
Imelda went to California with a girl friend to :find
employment. She also took some nurses training’
while there, It was in California that she met her
future husband at a "jitney dance'! in Los Angeles,
She was married 11 Jan, 1941 in Las Vegas, Nevada,
to Albert Elvin Kissinger (b. 7 May 1887 in Castle-
ton, Illinois to Frank and Katherine Bali Kissinger).
He, however, often went by the name of Robert. He
was tall and handsome and a photographer by trade.
He was nearly thirteen years Imelda's senior and:
she was his fourth wife. They made their home in
Los Angeles. They had two children, a daughter
Karma and a son Chad, :

On Oct, 31, 1958 Imelda wrote of her family:-
"Our daughter Karma is going on seventeen. - a
senior in high school. She is interested in many
different lines of endeavor - art, music, hair
styling, fashions, She seems to think she would
like to be in the fashion field, She will have more
time after school is out this summer to follow
along this line.

"Our son Chad is nine and has been a Cub
Scout for a year now. He is having a good active
time, It has given his mother a full schedule too,
for Iam now a,'Den Mother' on top of all my other
responsibilities, Chad enjoys school very much,
is a great reader, has a good thinking head and
uses it and is advanced for his years, He is
always looking for something more active in school
and has been given special assignments by his
teachers, as he gets things done, At present he is
a 'safety' for playground activities. He is observant
and in love with life. I'm very grateful for these
two children and hope to do a good job by them,

"Their father is not a member of the church
and though born a Methodist, with religious ministers
in his father's family, is not seeking any religion
nor at all interested init, His own father was one
of thirteen children who mostly had large families,
so there are many by the name of Kissinger in the
country. My husband himself has had nine children,
three by his first marriage, two by the second, two
