799 Rex Christensen

remembers how her mother knelt by his cradle to
pray and how she rocked him in her arms hour
after hour in the rocking chair to soothe him -
singing a plaintive lullaby. Many mothers had a
hard time raising all their children to maturity in
those days. Rex's little brother Spencer, who
came along right after him, only lived a few weeks.

Not long before Rex turned three, his father
bought his grandparents' big rock house, across
from where he was born in northwest Gunnison,
and moved the family into it. It was here that he
lived the next seven years of his life. It was from
here that he went to the Gunnison district school
for several years - it was but a few blocks from.
this home. It was from here that he left Gunnison
when he was just six days past ten, together with.
others of his family, to go to Wyoming and live on
a ranch his father had homesteaded, being part of
the acreage taken up by several members of his
father's family several miles from the town of
Lyman and which they called ''The Oasis",

Rex eventually grew to be a strong, strapping
and very handsome fellow. In 1929 in Ogden, Utah,
he married Marcella Richardson, daughter of Walter
and Stella Richardson, They had one son but sep-
arated when the child was about two years old.

Rex married second, 29 Nov. 1932 in Lyman,
Wyoming, Ina Mae Packham (b. 23 Aug. 1903 in
Pleasant View, Utah, to John and Lydia Kent Pack-~
ham). They had two daughters. Ina died of a
serious illness 10 Mar. 1942 in Ogden, leaving
Rex with the two little girls. On 27 Oct. 1943 in
Ogden, Rex married his third wife, Mabel Patter-
son (b. 23 Jan. 1924 in Ogden to David Earl and
Dora Miller Patterson), They became 'the parents

of two sons,

For many of his last years he suffered with
emphysema, a malfunction or disease of the lungs
and reported to be the,.fastest growing disease in
the world today. He was unable to do any heavy
work, Mabel,,a very lovely, kind and patient
person, took care of him and also went to work to
support the family. Rex passed away at their home
in Ogden 29. Sep. 1968 and was, buried in Ogden. Cem-
etery 2 Oct, His wife and five children survived
