81 Norhaa

bag of presents from the doorstep, where the
Christmas elves had left it, in place of the rice-
mush. There were always presents for everyone
in Ander's household. When the children were
small there were tops, dolls and little boxes
carved from wood and always a carved figure of
a ''Hvid Knight"' for Mads. Perhaps there was a
brooch carved from amber for Mor and a watch
chain woven from human hair for Far. As the
children added years there might be amber
brooches for the girls too, and beads and little
amber drops for their pierced ears. Then there
was always something to store away in each girl's
‘'brides-chest", besides books for Else and the
others; for had they not hoped for the latest of
Hans Christian Andersen's tales?

From then until Twelfth Night each day had
its celebration. Christmas Day was the first
"Holy-day" and everybody went to the church,
as they did on the following or second Holy-day.
Others were only half-Holy-days, and so on those
days Danes alternated between church, visiting
and entertaining, If the snow fell on and on,
slowly and steadily, folks didn't go very far but
kept to their own neighborhoods; but if the weather
permitted they usually visited at every farmhouse
for miles around, sharing in the festivals of all.
When company came, or even if it didn't, there
was celebrating enough to do at home; games to

be played and prizes for the winners, with Far,
smoking his big pipe, looking on, and dancing,
Always

singing, joke-making and food again!
there were open-faced sandwiches and more
pastries with plenty of coffee, tea and beer to
wash them down; but better still, for Else at
least, were the clouds of fragrance from bowls

of Danish soup steaming between islands of
dumplings. For the full twelve days of Yuletide,
Danes ate and ate, then it was easy to forget the
wind and cold outside; but the wonderful days of
Christmas one could never forget - Glaedlig Yul!
On Twelfth Night girls in their teens or even older
ones might well remember the old ritual old
Danes told about. They said if a maiden wished
to know whom she would marry, then on that
night, carrying a shoe in her right hand and
