953 George Fern Clark

them and the plane's one engine was shot Out. Then
the Nazis’ big guns found the other engine and that
was destroyed also. A signal immediately came
from the bomber's radio to prepare for a crash
landing, This signal was easily heard by the crew
above the noise of the bomber, since each member
wore earphones tuned in for just such purposes.

To prepare for a crash landing meant to remove

one's earphones, go to the small radio room and
's feet against the

lie down on the floor bracing one
walls of the room to lessen the jar of a rough land-
ing - and await the outcome.

As the crew of the ill-fated bomber heard the
warning signal, four of them complied immediately
by removing their earphones and going to the radio
room, But George felt there was still a little time
left to stay at his gunner's post and apparently so

did four of the others and they were fortunate to be
f orders to "bail out", as

able to hear the change ©
fire broke out in the plane and spread rapidly,

trapping those in the radio room, It was with diffi-
culty that George made it to a door and, opening it,

adjusted his parachute and jumped. The other four
the first two of them made

Started to follow but only

it before the whole plane burst into flames. George
Saw their parachutes open following their jumps but
they were later reported to have been straightway
killed by the enemy when they came to land near 4
little German town, Others of the crew must have
burned with the bomber, for none of them were
ever heard of again.

Ground fire followed Ge
drifted earthward. Intense pain gripped both his
legs as some shrapnel found its mark. He felt
lucky to land on a small hill amid some bushes,
but when he untangled himself and tried to stand,
he could not. His right leg, swollen and bleeding
from a jagged gash, was 50 sore and stiffened he
had no use of it. Following earlier well-learned

le and buried his

instructions he hurridly dug 4 ho i
parachute so that its presence should not give away
He tried to cover the tracks,

his place of hiding. Le
then he crawled painfully farther up the hill into
t he could for his

the deeper brush. He did wha
wounded legs, which was little, keeping 2 close

orge as his parachute
