487 Andrew

his utter amazement, Julius dropped to his knees
in the bottom of the boat and, calling upon Diety,
also pleaded to be saved.'"'

Wendell continues:-- ''Much of father's time
for the next six years was spent alone in the moun-
tains and deserts far from home and loved ones.
His companions were mostly sheep, wild animals
and rough men. He had many hair-raising exper-
iences of which he told us years and years later,
before the fire on long evenings. He was a mar-
velous story teller and we children would sit
entranced, reliving such experiences with him.

One of my favorites was about the day he had
Climbed to a high ledge ona slope overlooking the
sheep herd and was deep in study when his atten-
tion was drawn to a disturbance in the flock.
Looking down he saw a huge grizzly bear coming

up the slope toward him. Although bears were

not uncommon in the Henry Mountains, father was
Unarmed and this one seemed to have but one object
In mind - him! First young Andrew shouted, then
threw stones, but the grizzly came steadily onward.
In desperation he looked around for some means of
defense when he noticed a deep crack in the ledge
upon which he stood. Bracing himself against the
Mountainside, he placed his heels in the crack and
pushed and strained with all his might. Slowly the
Crack began to widen and, just as the bear reache
the bottom of the ledge, a great section broke loose,
Crashing with a thud in front of the beast, followed
by a shower of rocks and dirt. The bear rose on
his haunches, then turned and headed straight down
the mountain with a large boulder close behind and
84ining speed at every turn. Father said he never
Saw a bear run so fast! The last glimpse he had

of the brute was as it headed into the scrub oak and
quaking aspen, with the huge rock speeding unchecked
behind, crashing trees and prush in its. path. The
Sight hit father's 'funny-bone' and he literally rolled

On the ground and laughed.

"Through all his lonely days and nights he
néver ceased to remain true to the teachings of
his parents and his church. Truly he lived close
to the Lord during those years and had some _
*emarkable spiritual experiences which comforted
