Lorraine Clark 960

Through the emotional impact of this
Lorraine became very ill and was forced to give
up her work. She became entirely discouraged.
She was sent to the Mental Hospital in Provo for
treatments, They could find little wrong with her
but sheer despondency. She seemed to gain strength
from the treatments and was able to return home
but failed to find there the understanding and encour-
agement she needed So badly at that time,

In the meantime, Abel was prospering in his
trade. Lorraine was presented with a divorce sum-
mons she was unable to understand or answer.

Abel procured an easy divorce and soon re-married.
Their daughter Kathy, a sweet girl with a charming
personality, remained with her mother and this was
Lorraine's ''star of hope" for the future, But some-
how Kathy's loyalties began to change, Her Aunt
Tresia writes:- ''Kathy turned against her mother
and sided in with her father, I think she was really
led to believe that her mother had done some
terrible sin - but except for being a little foolish
and vain, Lorraine had done no sin, "

Tresia continues:- "I have never known a
family who so many people envied and thought they
had everything. I also have never known a family
who sank into the depth of despair as they did.
Their lives have shown me that the material things
aren't what count, and that the only way to find
true happiness is by keeping and living the com-
mandments of our Heavenly Father. I'm sure
Lorraine desired these things. But she had lost
her husband and she felt that she had also lost her

precious daughter and she just didn't have the cour-
age to go on,"!

Undoubtedly with little knowledge of the .
seriousness of the act, Lorraine took her own life
at her home in Salt Lake City, 31 Aug. 1967.
Desiring so much the tranquility and peace she
could not seem to find in life, she probably never
looked back once she decided on her course. Who
knows? A lovely memorial service was held for
her Wed. Sep. 6 at 11:00 a.m, in the ward chapel,
at which the Bishop and others who knew her .
eulogized her loveliness, humility, love of humanity
and desire to serve. Her body was laid to rest late”
