163 Kobberod

gifts and tokens, In fact, the entire family, except
the son Christen, had so showered her with proofs
of their affection that she would lack none of the
material things to take, Laurs was often hovering
about, indulging her whims and tending to her needs,
as atrue lover -- it was wonderful to be a real part
of it all. But there was something none of them
could do for her; she had to make her own goodbys.

Else was still hoping for a brief visit to her
home in Norhaa to have a look at them all there
once again and to bid farewell; also she wished to
introduce them to her betrothed. Laurs had pro-
mised he would take her there, on the way to
Aalborg, should she wish it. They could leave
Kobberod a day ahead of the rest and join them the
following day along the road somewhere. Christen
and Karen in fact had urged it, saying that by all
means Else should go to see her own family before
leaving for America. Eight thousand miles or
more was a long ways away! But no word had
come from anyone in Norhaa in answer to her
letter telling them all about her future plans, and
time was short, Three days before their scheduled
departure there was yet no word from her people
and the disappointed young lady could still make
no definite plans in regards to her home-going.
But the very next day some mail arrived. There
was a package from her sister Karen - some dainty
underthings the sweet girl had made for her, There
was only this brief word enclosed however, -- 'For
your marriage festival with love - from Karen',
‘There was quite a fat letter from Mads though,
and Else's fingers trembled as she tried to unfold
it, she was so eager. Mads had written that the
word of her forthcoming emigration had been a
shock to their whole family, especially coming so
close on the heels of Christen's passing, The
announcement of her planned marriage had upset.
them also, especially since it was to be to a
"Mormon", Their mother, Mette, was prone on
her bed again, weeping. 'Twas enough to have |
Else join the Mormons, she had said, without
having her marry one and then, on top of it all,
sail away with them across the ocean to their
strange kingdom! They at home would never
live this all down as long as they lived, or so said
