689 Edith Lovena

snow or shine. I was eager to learn and soaked up
the lessons like a sponge. The winter of 1909/10
I passed off the second and third grades in one year.

"It was in our fishpond that spring of 1910
that our baby sister Elsie was drowned. My
brothers and I had been commissioned to 'watch
out for her’ but were jumping the rope and forgot,
I still blame myself for that tragedy, I never
jumped the rope again! Later that spring we sold
our cherished home to our wonderful Uncle Chris
"I''and in July father, mother, Wendell age 7,
Sheldon age 4, and lage 10, left for Europe,

"After two wonderful months in England,
where father studied and 'put himself out’ to give
usS numerous cultural and educational experiences,
we sailed to Denmark to meet our beloved Chris-
tensen grandparents and with them visit Danish
relatives there. Then all were bidden a fond adieu
and father headed us towards Germany and school
again. He continued to take time to show us spots
of cultural and historical interest and inspire us
with his stories of the same. We even visited the
Berlin Palace and a parade of the Kaiser's goose-
stepping troups.

‘Leipzig was our destination and here father
studied at the University. We shared the apart-
ment of some German saints. Wendell and I
attended the early grades. Among other things
we learned to speak German quite well. I also
started lessons on the piano. My teacher was
Fraulein Hedwig Hartel, a convert to the church.
At the conclusion of each lesson I was given a
treat - usually a small molded pudding of blanc-~-
mange with a raspberry syrup, which was lucious,.

"Christmas in Germany, long the toy center
of the world, was almost beyond description.
Lucky children, we were taken into exciting shops
and throngs. Our eyes beheld things beyond any-
thing we had yet imagined, The main event of
spring that year (1911) was the arrival of my
fourth brother, Luther. He was a beauty!

‘Returning to Provo that fall, Father was
given a full professorship at BYU. I enrolled in
fifth grade at BY Training School and attended
