125 Bested

embraces. Yet he had not been unkind to her
since that first night nor had he spoken ought of
scorn or blame, or avoided her. But their infre-
quent conversations now were small talk, unim-
portant, impersonal; for in those days after her
eighteenth birthday, Far never again spoke to her
of deep-down things he felt sincerely or the matters
she longed so desperately to hear about--under-
standing--forgiveness--love! She sensed behind
the words that remained unsaid, the little things
he might have said and didn't, the firm unbending
of his will--like a stone. Still she herself felt
little change in her love and respect for Far, or
Mor either; it was deep hurt she felt.

The frost held on outside, and inside the
cottage as well, as far as Else and her parents
were concerned at least. But there were some
pleasant hours for her, mixed in with the gloom,
whenever the undercurrent of unhappiness was
lulled awhile in the company of Mads and her
sisters. There seemed little change in their
friendship for her, although the girls were more
restrained. Mads was like an anchor in a storm
and she clung to the security of his concern for
her and cherished each few moments they had been
able to be alone together. Karen had helped her
clean and mend her clothes and select the ones
most useful to her should she go to be a govern
Else wondered if it were less for the pleasure of
being of service or more for the chance of re-
indoctrinating her into her former faith, that she
helped; for Karen was by far the most devout
Lutheran of them all. Especially when they were
together in bed at nights would she say things,
such as, -- ''Just believe and live aS you choose
Else, but be a Lutheran, not a Mormon," It was
as simple as that to the sweet Karen, for she
seemed unable to grasp the difference between
faiths. Stine now, like Mads, had been as loving
as ever. Else had spent much of her time talking
to this ailing sister and tending to her. "You have
more of a way of making me comfortable and less
ill than the others have, '' Stine had said, when she
rubbed her; ''Such wonderful hands to ease pain!"
Marie was still home all day for it was yet too
cold and snowy for school. She had hung on Else

ess,
