Albert 536

log cabin with a leanto. With only general directions
he was left to live there alone. Most of the time
that summer of 1885 he had no companions except
the horses with which he worked the farm, a mon-
grel dog who seemed to need a master, and a horde
of night-reveling pack rats as big as half grown
cats,

"Notwithstanding that my employer had the
reputation of being a hard man to work for", wrote
Albert of this experience, ''I found him the opposite.
His family, consisting of himself, his wife, five
daughters and one son, was really a model family.
Iwas always treated with the greatest respect by
all of them. While Mr. Christensen himself
claimed to be an atheist, his family was affiliated
with the Presbyterian church in Gunnison. Without
any request on my part my employer, on two
different occasions that summer, told me I was
worth more than I was being paid. The first time
he raised my wages to $15 per month and the second
to $20. This, together with 'keep' was a high wage
for a boy of my age at the time."

Late that fall Albert went home and attended
school for some three months, which was about the
usual school year in those early farm communities.
He was in the "fifth reader'' at the time. Early the
next spring he was again hired by Julius Christensen
and this time he had charge ofa herd of sheep in the
mountains, He was then nearing fifteen. That late
fall he again went home and attended school for
about three months, then returned to the mountains
again in early spring to herd sheep for Mr,
Christensen,

Albert must have been a hard and dependable
worker, even as a youth, for his responsibilities
were being constantly increased, as well as his
wages. He never seemed to have trouble getting
employment, The fall of 1888 Mr. Christensen
told him that if he would continue to work for him
with the sheep he would pay him as high a wage as
any man in his employ except his brother Chris,
who was his foreman, That was $30 a month and
board, Chris was getting $35. So Albert stayed on
for another full year, or until he was approaching
his seventeenth birthday. He was often lonely in
