193 Westward

companies came by way of Wyoming and most of
them crossed the plains with church teams,

On Wednesday, August Ist, another company
of Scandinavian emigrants, consisting of about 300
souls, arrived in Wyoming. These were the ones
who had sailed on the ship 'Humboldt'' from Ham-
burg, Germany on June 2nd. The following day,
August 2nd, some of the ''Kenilworthe migrants"!
commenced their journey across the plains from
Wyoming in Capt. Joseph S, Rawlin's train. Aug.
Ath another group headed westward with Peter
Nebeker's church train. On Aug. 5th another
group, who were going with Capt. Andrew H,
Scott's train, moved their things to where the
church teams were camped near the church store
and were assigned their wagons. George M.
Brown, who had been in charge of the Saints on
the ''Humboldt'', was appointed spiritual leader
of this large group of British, Norwegian and
Danish emigrants who were to travel in 46 wagons,
young Andrew Jenson and his family being among
them, It was the intention that this company
should roll out of Wyoming on Aug. 7th, but a
terrible rain storm, accompanied by thunder and
lightning such as none of those from Scandinavia
had ever experienced, visited the area. The rain
poured down in torrents nearly all that day and the
following night until the ground was thoroughly
soaked with the downpour, While the storm was
at its worst the whole village seemed to be a
perfect lake. (Such storms occurred frequently
in this locality in July and August each"year.) The
day after this deluge, Aug. 8th.1866, Capt. Scott's
ox train left Wyoming to cross the plains. :

With'the departure of this company the vill
age of Wyoming was almost reduced. to its usual .
limited number of inhabitants, with the exception
of a few Scandinavian emigrants and Elders who
were waiting for the seasons last. company of
emigrating Saints to arrive from the east, Capt. -
Abner Lowry's church train of ox teams. had been,
kept back to bring this company. and the remaining
Saints across the plains, This ox train was known
as the Sanpete train, as most of the men and teams
in it were from Sanpete Valley in central Utah,
