795 Myron Ellis

still standing today. He was christened Ellis
Myron but later changed his name to the above
arrangement, His only brother then living, Harold,
was ten years older than he, so his closest com-
panion in the home was his sister Ruth Ellen, some
three-and-a-half years older; they have been great
friends ever since.

When he was in his teens his parents moved
from the home of his birth to a farm they owned
near Rocky Point, west of Gunnison, where he
helped his father feed lambs and with the farm
work, He attended grade and high school in
Gunnison, graduating from the latter. It was a
long walk from Rocky Point to school and seemed
especially so in the cold of the winter. But in spite
of it, or perhaps a little because of it, Myron grew
to be a tall, strong, healthy youth capable of a lot
of hard work. He received excellent training in
farm and livestock management from his father and
set his heart on acquiring a good farm of his own
someday.

His father died in the small farm house near
Rocky Point, 23 July 1926, when Myron was four
months past twenty, leaving him as his mother's
main source of help and strength. Harold and Ruth
had long since married and made their own homes.
His three younger brothers, one nineteen and the
others going on fifteen and ten, were a lot of help,
especially the two oldest who had undergone a lot
of farm training and were also big fellows and
capable,

Myron at the time was courting, One even-
ing at a roller skating rink in Manti, Utah (Felts
Pavillion), about four years before he had met a
Manti girl named Delida Jensen (b, 23 June 1907
in Sterling, Utah to William and Maria Louella
Peterson Jensen), A friendship had begun that
night which had lasted those several years, during
which time Myron had made hundreds of trips to
Manti in all kinds of weather. Nearly nine months
after his father's death, Myron and Delida ("Dee")
contracted a civil marriage in Manti, 13 Apr. 1927.
Myron's mother and three brothers soon moved to
Fayett, Utah to live with her recently widowed
brother, Uncle Henry Bartholomew, and assist in
