133 Kobberod

them over with sand. In their places now is either
the ever-hungry sea or stretches of dunes and moors
whe re nothing good grows, and populated only by
birds and a few animals, Sand drifts have covered
much of the once fertile area northwest from
Kobberod, And still farther north and west from
there, near the town of Agger, entire villages have
disappeared over the last three centuries. Agger
Church was demolished and a new one raised more
north in 1838, and soon after that the first break-
waters were built there to control the North Sea,
both in Christen's time, (Recently, large dikes
have been constructed for the same purpose. )

On the east and south of Thy is the so-different
Limfjord and its bays, On its safe shores, Danes
have been settled from way back, including the
Viking Age, as witnessed by thousand- year old,
boat-shaped burial places which cover large aot ee
and excavations from whence Vikings set forth on
their raids across the North Sea. Here just a few
miles east, as well as south from the village of
Flarup, in the peaceful bays of this lovely fjord,
the fleets of those fierce sailing warriors had
gathered for their expeditions to England, France
and the Mediterranean, a thousand years before.

But long before that there were people in
this area, One or two thousand years before the
birth of Christ, during the so-called Stone Age.
and the later Bronze Age, this was a comparatively
well populated part of the country. There is @
Bronze Age graveyard at Ydby Moor, very close
to Flarup, with more than 50 mounds, In fact,
several thousand of these mounds are scattered
all over Thy, and in its museums are relics,
original or in copy, of finds telling of those bygone
cultures, such as the famous Gold Boats from
Nors and the amber axes at Thisted museum. At
Lundehej, about ten or so miles east of Flarup, —
is one of the most impressive megalithic tombs in
the whole country, purported to be about 5, 000
years old, and at Hérdum Church, a few miles
southeast from Norhaa, is kept the only known
stone hewn to the Nordic war-god, Thor, It
depicts his fight with the legendary Midgaard
Serpent. Very near Kobberod, northwest, is
Vestervig Church, once a cathedral. It was
