Time's Hourglass 462

that, but of course to no avail. The diabetic ulcers
were in their last stages,

Albert and his family were of course then
living in Orem, Utah. We continue with extracts
from his letters to his son Sherman: ''12 Nov,

1928, Grandfather Christensen passed away day
before yesterday about 1:30 o'clock P, M. and I

am here in Manti to assist in performing for him
the last earthly service we can, The funeral will
be held in the Center Ward Tabernacle here to-
morrow at 2 o'clock P.M. He will be laid away

on the south side of Grandmother - where he has
designated. He remained conscious until the very
last, It was a marvel to all how rapid and accurate
his mental facilities worked throughout his great
pain and suffering. Although unassuming, his mind
was of a very fine order and capable of an accurate
grasp of matters of general as well as particular
concern, ,, 14 Nov. 1928, Grandfather was given
a fine funeral, Many of his old friends and friends
of the family attended the services, The speaking,
singing and other music were excellent. All of his
living children were there except Louis from Lyman,
who could not come. Also many of his grandchildren
and some great-grandchildren were there. Phillip
was with me, (Aunt Myrtle and the small children
could not attend, being under quarantine still.) Ted
and Elaine were also at the funeral but Dan and
Virginia couldn't come."

In her history Laurs' and Else's oldest daugh-
ter, Elsie Bartholomew, wrote this account:--
"Death brought relief to Father on 10 Nov, 1928,,
nearly five years after mother's passing. He was
81 years 3 months and 19 days old when he died.
Funeral services were held in the Tabernacle or
Center Ward Chapel Tuesday afternoon 13 Nov.
1928. Many mourners from Manti, Gunnison
Valley and Mayfield attended. Speakers were
Simon Christensen, Bishop Brigham Jenson of
Centerfield, Bishop Niels R, Peterson of Manti,
and Patriarch J, Hatten Carpenter of Manti, with
closing remarks by Bishop Stott of the Manti Center
Ward, who presided. Three numbers were sung
by the choir - ''There is Sweet Rest in Heaven’,
"Rock of Ages! and 'I Need Thee Every Hour', A
