Norhaa 86

loved and blessed.

Several years before (1857) a law had been
made in Denmark requiring all present Danes to
change their surnames and take the same one as
their fathers, This meant that the Andersen
children should now go by the surname of Christen-
sen, as Anders did. But Danes were slow to change,
especially Jutlanders, and this had taken some
thinking about and in Thisted it was not too well
enforced, as yet. Young Christen had never gone
by the name Andersen, but Christensen, as he was
christened, so he had no problem. Mads, on the
other hand, decided on.a big change and soon after.
his confirmation began using the surname Hvid
(the modern spelling of Hviid, from his mother's
father's side). Mette must have been happy about
this, thinking that it gave her second son some dis-
tinction to be called by a nobleman's name - so
Mads Christian Hvid his name remained from that
time on. The Andersen sisters decided against
the surname change for the present, at least; it
would be time enough to change when they were
married! Else Cathrine however, a little bolder
than the rest and now fully confirmed, decided to
compromise and changed the spelling of her middle
name instead, from Cathrine, as she was christened,
to Kathrine, with a K, the more popular way then;
‘twas something she had long kept in her mind.

The northern summer is almost like a para-
dise on earth, especially for one whose eyes are
open to the beauties of nature, so sublime and
grand, and whose ears are atune to the trills of
the skylark, the charming tones of the nightingale
and other singing birds. One cannot help but inhale
the invigorating summer breezes and enjoy the
aroma that flows from flora's bosom. And so it
was in Denmark, where the temperature varied
between 60-80°, The long, mild days, never too
hot, in which one could read a newspaper by day-
light up to 10 o'clock at night, were all too few for
Else. In midsummer there were frequently 15
hours of sunshine daily, and one could hear happy
children playing in the streets, having their hours
of romping often until nearly midnight. The parks
and city boulevards were filled with promenaders
