329 With Flags Flying

tell of leaving home at age thirteen to work. It
was in the employ of one Julius Christensen. It
was in the solitude of the mountains, while watch-
ing his employer's sheep, that Andrew dreamed
his dreams and made his resolves - he would
re-enter school! A strapping young man, older
and taller than most of his classmates, he came
back to face the lower classroom of Gunnison
Seminary, where he buckled down to work in
earnest. "'

Albert's sister Elsie tells of her enrolling
in the Seminary about mid-term, as follows:--
"At age fourteen (1889) I went to the Snow Academy
in Ephraim, which had been founded the year
before, on 5 Nov. 1888. My brother Joseph also
attended then. This was a preparatory and inter-
mediate school. Inthe fall of the next year (1890)
I kept house for my father and family while mother
and a foster child went to Denmark to visit her
folks. Her family there in Denmark celebrated
the return of 'their lost sister'. After she returned
home I started to attend the Seminary in the Gunni-
son Ward. Joseph Jensen was the teacher. This
was in January 1891." So as it was, all of Laurs
and Else's nine children were living at home while
she herself was visiting in far-off Scandinavia -
that is all but the oldest son Christian, who was
away with the sheep. Six, and later seven, were
in school. Nothing made this couple happier than
to see their offspring seeking after their educations.

Else spent the better part of three delightful
months visiting the land of her birth and the loved
ones of her youth. There were plenty of baby-
tenders to watch little Ada and give her freedom
to visit all around. True to her word, it was
usually her unmarried sister Marie who had closed
her door and gone along with her to visit the ''old
ones" and all their other living kinfolk in Thy.
Before Else had left her home in Gunnison she
had taken her scissors and hurridly snipped out
eighteen blank pages from her medical journal
(those between 35 and 71) These she had placed
in her handbag and brought with her, and as she
traveled on foot, or by Danish train, carriage or
wagon from village to village and cottage to
