Arthur 628

eighth grade education and several had graduated
from the B. Y. A. in Provo. Whatever his reasons,
Louis refused to go on to school and this undoubtedly
had some effect on Arthur. However, his parents
finally persuaded him to get some higher education
and he attended the B. Y. A. the winter of 1901/1902.
He roomed that year at 333 East 5th North in Provo,
which was the David Jones home, no longer standing.
Whether he attended college more than that one
winter we cannot be certain, although it is quite

possible that he may have attended B.Y.A. the
following winter also,

Arthur was "keeping company'' at the time
with a girl, Millie Gledhill, a pretty dark-eyed,
dark-haired young lady of many talents who lived
two blocks west of his home in Gunnison, Though
she was not attending school at Provo they corres-
ponded regularly. Her brother Bert gives this
account of how the two became interested in each
other; -- "During those days in Gunnison Grandpa
and Grandma Christensen (I always called them
this) kept a boarding house and my older sister
Millie went to work for Grandma, helping with the
housework and cooking. Of course this brought
Arthur Marinus Christensen and Amelia Jane

"Millie" Gledhill together in courtship -~ and later
marriage, '!

Millie's sister, Mary Gledhill Dowdle, now
in her eighties, tells of their marriage: - ''When
Arthur and Millie were married they went to the
Manti Temple, 3 Feb. 1904.
two twenty-three days later. She was five months
older than he, lacking one week. A large wedding
reception was held that night at our home and, as

was the custom, a big dinner was served to all the
guests.

She turned twenty-

"The two first lived in a small house two
doors east of his parents, Grandpa and Grandma
Christensen as we called them, but when mother
died about a year later (1905) they moved two and
a half blocks west into our home so that Millie
could care for father and us younger Gledhill
children. It was here, 22 June 1905, that their
first child Arthur Melrose was born, He was a
beautiful baby and they nicknamed him 'Rosy'."
