677 Pearl Eva

brick house from his brother Andrew at 3020 South
9th East in Salt Lake City and we moved there.

We were in the Forest Dale Ward where I took
part in Sunday School and M.I.A. and later taught
in Primary for two years with Ella Seegmiller,

"T had finished fifth grade before we moved
and I attended school in Salt Lake City at the Roo-
sevelt school on 9th East and 33rd South from
where I graduated from eighth grade. Then I
attended the LDS High School. It was during this
time that I had the wonderful experience of singing
inthe Tabernacle Choir for about three years. I
studied under Evan Stephens. This was one of the
choicest experiences of my girlhood!

"At age twenty-one I took up a homestead
beside my father's ranch on The Oasis near Lyman,
Wyoming. Father had a four room house built, two
rooms on his side of the land and two rooms on my
side. I lived on the ranch in summers and in Ly-
man in the winters, It was while living in Lyman
that I was called to be a visiting teacher in the
Relief Society for the first time.

"Father at this time was manager and a
large stockholder of the Bennion Livestock Com-
pany. A man by the name of Peter A. Jensen was
also a stockholder and foreman in the same com-
pany. It was on The Oasis that our crops were
burned and that father's untimely death occurred.
Nothing can ever blot out the intense feeling of
grief and despair that came over me that October
1917. I gave up the homestead and moved back to
Salt Lake City sometime after that and had a com-
forting patriarchal blessing from Hyrum G, Smith.

"After father's death Peter A. Jensen became
manager of the Bennion Livestock Company. He
was a very kind and gentle man and came often to
visit us. He had soft red curly hair, big blue eyes,
was a classy dresser and an excellent dancing
partner. He and I fell in love and were married
14 July 1920 in Farmington, Utah. I was always
his 'darling'. (Peter August Jensen was born 27
Mar, 1884 in Gunnison, Utah, the son of Michael
and Anna Lena Peterson Jensen), We spent our
honeymoon on the Weber Ranch, After two years
