Bested 110

There was no use. She feit the tower of words she
had built up so high and long to say, crumble and
fall about her in a useless heap - and her great
hope toppled with it! So she sat silent, as if
condemned, but forced a smile to cover up her
heartbreak. It was the Great Almighty himself
then who would have to produce the miracle with
them, if miracle there was to be, for Else knew
now full well that she herself could not.

Life moved along into the new year and the
weather held good, for atime. Letters went back
and forth as before, but the days and miles seemed
farther apart for Else K. She wrote no more to
her loved ones of religion however, but of school
and family affairs inthe main. She asked about
the house Rudolph was building -- were the rafters
raised yet? She spoke of everyday things, but
rarely did she mention her coming wedding. From
Mor she inquired of Far, the girls, Mads, and had
Christen found himself work yet - or perhaps a
wife? How were all their kinsfolk - Tante Inger,
Onkel Peter and the cousins, and those north in
Jannerup and Hundborg, and the rest? ''Ja, Ja"
Mor had replied; everyone was well and mostly
happy and she herself was busy, busy! Her sister
Dorthe and husband Anders Simonsen and family,
and her brother Jens Hvid of Swindborg, had all
sent greetings and said to tell her "hello"; they
were all coming sure for the wedding, Even
Bedstemdder Karen's sister, great aunt Maren of
Hundborg, hoped she lived till then, though she
was feeble. "And receive the most loving greetings
from all of us here at home" she had ended, Else
supposed she had told everyone, had Mette, but
she herself had shut her mind on her wedding; she
had far more pressing things to use it for.

Those were weeks of anxiety and indecision
then; never had she felt so lost and alone. People
all around, chattering here and there, seemed so
free from care ~- was she then the only distressed
one? Her mind was like a great swing of good and
evil going back and forth so fast it almost took her
breath away. Else thought sometimes that it was
with her as it was with the old Danish saying, --
