785 Sheldon Bartholomew

those who could were forced to find work outside
the home to help out. Edythe was called to inter-
rupt her studies in Boston and came home and
found immediate employment, Wendell and
Sheldon went to work. It was somewhat ofa dis-
couraging time for all - but they went ahead
bravely. Sheldon writes something of those days:--
''When Wendell and I pursued our first employment
opportunities there was one situation that should
be documented. Rather interestingly, one of
Father's visionary projects, which was associated
with some reproachable promoters, landed Wendell
and me on a job at Santa Fe Springs, Calif. in the
heat of a new Oilfield boom. We were assigned to
a small, half-baked (literally) experimental oil
refinery. Our wages were largely deferred, so
we lived for months in the corner of a machine
shop and subsisted on rice, canned milk, sugar
and unclaimed Valencia oranges from half dead
trees abandoned to ruthless overkill of machines
and spray of crude oil. We were merely rousta-
bouts or flunkies. At best it was dirty work and
we were far from best. Little did we know we
were making history in industry.

"The refinery technique was dubbed the
'Wade Process'. The objective was to force
through a nozzle low grade cruide oil into coils
within a high temperature kiln, which coil encom-
passed iron shavings to serve as catalists. There
was a piping system from the hot coils into a con-
densation tower so that the initial volatile product
was practically usable gasoline. In other words,
we were actually cracking the heavier complex
hydrocarbon compounds into lighter fuel through
the employment of heat, pressure, etc.

Oddly enough, this spot in Santa Fe Springs was

a historic place, Crude as our plant looked, it
was still the first oil cracking plant in the world.
From this small beginning all of the major oil
companies received franchises for cracking plants

around the globe.
‘It is with pride and satisfaction that Wendell
and I look back, knowing we contributed consider-

ably to the development of a process So important
to transportation throughout the world. Nor would
