569 Albert

had free access to the large attic and their grand-
mother Shepherd's trunks of beautiful clothes and
bonnets she had brought across the plains, as well
as to the old spinning wheel. Many were the home
dramatics held by candlelight in that old attic.
Myrtle's mother's family was a singing family and
all used to sing around the table following a family
meal in the huge dining room. Her mother, Harriet,
and her Aunt Sadie often accompanied them on their
guitars.

Early day Beaver was very educationally
minded and prided itself on its good spellers,
grammarians, mathematicians, as well as singers.
The small town was blessed with excellent music
teachers, This, together with native ability and
training in the home, was an advantage to Myrtle
and her brothers and sisters and they all sang well.
Myrtle can hardly remember when she couldn't
sing alto. She joined the Ward choir when in her
early teens - they all did. Later her brother Karl
Sang in the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir for years.

Myrtle grew up in Beaver among her four
Sisters and two brothers and cousins by the dozens.
She was a healthy, pretty girl, rather large for
her age, and with an inner urge towards tomboyish-
ness which she felt was very distasteful to her
prim little mother and sedate older sisters. She
had an optimistic and happy nature and a generous
heart and she was loved by many.

At that time most of the Farnsworth family's
clothing was made from Woolen Mill products, or
from cotton cloth they traded for from the cotton
milles in St. George. Every garment was
remodeled and passed down as long as there was
anything of it left. The family shoes were secured
by trading woolen goods from their Beaver mill
for high button shoes made at the Parawan Shoe
Factory. Though they may have thought these
Shoes ugly and ill-fitting, it was their patriotic
duty to wear them nevertheless. Though funda-
mentally plain in her tastes, Myrtle longed for
pretty clothes, and her first pair of ''real store
shoes" was an experience she treasured with

happiness,
