919 Cullen Yates

(58) Cullen Yates Christensen (4) was born
in Manti, Sanpete, Utah 8 May 1921. When he was
a baby he suffered a lot with eczema. His face
was often dobbed up with a soothing, smelly yellow
salve. If he ate eggs he got hives, his tongue
would thicken and his eyes almost swell shut at
times, This was rather disconcerting to Mother
Myrtle, a food specialist and dietition of some
experience, who tried to raise him with the most
scientific care, He was the best-taken-care-of-
baby one could imagine. He also had a number of
brothers and sisters in the home to help spoil him.

The Christmas Cullen was a year and a half,
Iwas home from school at Provo for the holidays.
My fiance had given me a ten pound box. of. choco -
lates and after passing it around a time or two] °
placed it in my dresser drawer upstairs for safe.
keeping. Every time I went upstairs when Cullen
was awake I would hear the thump- thump- thumping
of his little knees as he came crawling quickly up
the stairs behind me, 'Canny, Ninny, canny" he
could barely say it, yet with his baby hands
eagerly extended I knew well what he wanted, And
who could resist? Not I! ‘Together he and Iaté a
big share of that whole ten pound box of chocolates
in those ten days. I'm pretty sure Mother Myrtle
had no idea about Cullen's part in it, yet this doubt-
less aggravated his sensitive skin condition,

While he was still in the "diaper stage" his
grandfather Christensen used to take him’on short
walks up and down the sidewalk or around the block,
Cullen often wore little black sateen rompers with
a large yellow cloth cat face appliqued on front,
Hand in hand he and grandfather would toddle along,
for the old man's legs were rather short.and getting
stiff and he was. also built on a rather wide track -
like the diapered baby. But Cullen's short legs _
grew long in time and the rest of him also grew,.
and despite his early digestive problems he turned
out to be the tallest of A, H. Christensen's four
sons,

He was a few months past four when the
family moved to Provo and then later to Orem. .
It was in Orem that he attended school through the
grades and high school. He graduated from Lincoln
