859 Phillip Van Buren

up on the side of a hill and I thought for sure we
were going to be tipped over. He was wonderful
to us grandkids though. Many were the times that
he did with us the things so'dear to' youngsters'
hearts.

"Then came the day when I was about eight -
and-a-half years old and Aunt Myrtle joined the
family. Il was a rather sickly looking little fellow
and she certainly took me in hand. Ihave so much
to thank her for over the years. She has truly been
a second mother'to me. How fortunate we all have
been to have had the inspiration, encouragernent,
example, loving service and devotion of this'‘dear
woman in our lives.

"IT remember trips out to. the Gunnison Rangh
with Father and the times we gigged carp in the old
sloughs there. Then there were the days spent at
Flat Canyon, hoeing corn and’ herding sheep, I was
quite young but I] did drive the team from*Manti to
Flat Canyon and back many times during the last
summer or two that we lived at Manti. One time,
the day before the Fourth of July, I:was out there
with my older brother Hale. We wanted'to be in
Manti for the celebration next day. Toward after-
noon Hale said that we were going to Manti. We
decided to ride up over the mountains and*were
thrilled with the prospects of the adventure.

About 2:00 o'clock next morning we got up, ‘saddled
two horses and started over the mountains ‘toward
Manti. We arrived at the old reservoir west of
there about daybreak and finally made our way
home for that wonderful Fourth of July.

'tAnother time Dad said he would take ©

Marshall, Sherman, Hale and mé to Fish Lake if
I would get the team in with a load of hay from
I had Dad's big black

Flat Canyon at a given time. d Dad's
team, Dan and Bess, and [| recall how much they
liked to trot. I had a small jag of hay on the wagon
and I] let the team trot most of the way from Flat
Canyon to Manti. I believe Imade thé whole thirty
miles in less than six hours, 4 record for a team
as far as 1 was concerned: I used to haul loads of
potatoes and grain, besides hay from Flat Canyon
to Manti for Father. I.remember earlier, when I
was about ten years old, I used to drive our cows
