Luther Bartholomew 852

their families and proceeded ina caravan to
Sheridan, Montana, Yellowstone and the Glacier
Park area. Our children loved this association
with their cousins and it has been a means of
keeping our families close through the years,

"In 1943 our third son, Philip, was born and
in 1948 we were delighted when our first girl,
Kathleen, was born. She truly seemed like a little
princess to us after having three boys, This
happiness ended abruptly when she was taken
from us just three days before her third birthday.
As time went on we managed to pick up the pieces
and tried to establish a firm footing again. This

was helped by the birth of our fourth son, Paul, in
Jan. 1953.

He was a bright, busy, interested little
boy and soon had our household humming again.

In 1958 we were blessed with another boy whom
we named Allen.

‘Meanwhile, in 1950, I bought the hospital
outright for $46, 000, 00. It took us ten years to
pay for it - this is the way Dr. Fosbinder wanted
it set up or I'm sure we could have managed it
Sooner. Ialso founda fascinating new hobby -
photography. Lots of new interests came into
our lives when in 1961 we went through the Temple,
taking all our sons with us, My mother and most
of my brothers and sisters went with us. We had
our daughter sealed to us also at that time,

"I retired in 1963 - sold my business and
leased the building and ground. We are able to
live from this income. Shortly after retiring I
joined the Sierra Club. I have always been
interested in conservation, I have taken many
wonderful trips with this club, including two to
Alaska, some in Mexico, and many back-pack
trips inthe Sierras. Also, all through the years
I have maintained my interest in hunting and fish-
ing as well as my photography and have traveled
quite extensively. I have had wonderful luck with
my colored slides and have a vast library of them.
Ihave received quite a lot of recognition with them
from the Southern California Camera Club. Ihave
also shown them to many groups of people, It has
been a real source of pleasure to us as a family
in our entertaining,
