United Order 260

between 4 and 5 dollars per acre, with water enough
to water it being brought in ditches from Twelve
Mile Creek, Each man labored for himself after
spending so much time for the Order. He was paid
or credited in the organization for all time spent
over and above that which was required. The
amount of wages was decided by the directors,

with most men receiving full time pay and a few
not quite so much. Women were given three full
days pay for every six worked, and children were
also recompensed for their efforts. A fifteen year
old boy received a house and lot in the Order. Sloth
was considered a deadly sin. Oxen were used for
farming purposes, as Brigham Young advised, be-
cause they were about 50% less expensive to keep
than horses, (It was estimated at the time that it
took 200 bu. of oats per span of horses yearly and
$6.00 to keep them shod,) Oxen were also con-
sidered better than horses for working in the
timber, The skins on their legs were tougher,
they were less excitable in precarious situations
common to the logging business and they handled
better on long trips up and down the canyon or over
the steep rough terrain of the timber country,

Else's longing for a girl baby was satisfied
two-fold when on Monday 8 Mar, 1875 twin girls
came to bless the Christensens in their small log
cabin home in North Mayfield. The babies were
frail and Laurs called in W. N. Tofte to assist
him in giving them names and blessings right ~
away. Brother Tofte named the first one, Elsie
Kathrine, for her mother and she lived, Laurs
named the second Mary Karen, in memory of his
mother, but she died that same day. They always
called her ''Karrie' when they spoke of her after-
wards, Laurs undoubtedly fashioned a small
casket of wood, which they lined with softest
homespun, and laying the wee corpse gently
inside, buried it in the freshly dug earth behind
their cabin. Anne was probably called to assist
with the other little girl and with Else, while
Laurs looked after the four boys as best he could.
And though they grieved for small Karrie and what
might have been, yet they must have been comforted
in the belief that she had gone to join the gentle
Karen in Paradise,
