561 Albert

are only roomers, she sends trays bearing tasty
breakfasts up to the blue-room for two out-of-town
lady school teachers with whom we are sharing our
new home one winter - because they can find no
other place to stay.

I see mother sitting patiently in a chair near
the Baldwin piano, counting out the time, over and
over again, as I practice for my piano lesson,
"Sing the little verse that goes with this piece, "'
she says; 'I would like Professor Woodward to
see how well you can play and sing together.'' So
I practice and she sings along with me in her rich
contralto, Sing robin from your woodland tree;
Sing robin, sing a song for me; I love your pretty
melody; sing little robin, sing. 't She kisses me
as Ileave for my lesson. 'Play and sing your
best'', she says, At the studio Mr, Woodward is
entertaining his sweetheart and I feel hesitant about
Singing. Yet I seat myself at the piano and begin
to play my piece and sing, as mother has told me.
"Just play the piece and skip the singing, '' says
my teacher rather sharply. I go home to dear
mother, crying and indignant because it seems he
has insulted her. ''Never mind, '' she says; ''some-
day we'll show Professor Woodward just how lovely
you can sing.'"'!

I see mother patient with girls she has hired -
skinny little Miss Lazenby who eats up all the left-
overs saying, ''Eat 'em to save 'em,'' and Venice,
who gets sick so much that mother is forever hav-
ing to wait on her instead of the other way around.
Good hired girls are so hard to find yet so much
needed to help with our big new house.

I see her without a hired girl and with father
away, weary at the close of day yet bravely trying
to wrestle all four of us children at once as she
gives us our Saturday night baths in the twin sani-
tary tubs in the basement; Hale and Sherman in one
tub, Elaine and lin the other, One or the other of
us keeps getting turned head over heels in those
deep, slick tubs and comes up from the water
gasping and screaming. I see her giving us our
supper later in the kitchen and making our favorite
"Lumpy Dick'' as a last resort, and serving it hot
with extra sugar.
