661 Elvena

When World War II came along, their oldest
son George went into the service. He became a
gunner on a bomb squad flying missions over Ger-
many, On his tenth bombing mission his plane was
shot down over Germany and all the crew killed
except George, who was wounded and taken prisoner.
For seven months he was listed as "missing in
action" and his family had no idea whether he was
dead or alive. This must have been a real ordeal
for Vena and George and their family. But George
Jr., by the grace of a higher power, returned home
safe and well,

Vena's husband George passed away 12 Apr.
1951, They had been married going on thirty-four
years, nearly thirty years of which he had worked
in the mines, He had retired from the mines and
was trying his hand at herding sheep again when he
became ill and was brought home. Vera writes: -
"The day Dad died he had the Elders in to adminis-
ter to him. They promised him a good nights rest.
Later he sent mother out of the room to get him
something andwhen she returned he was dead, !!
George was buried beside little LaFay in the Goshen
cemetery. Vena received some compensation,
following his death, from the Industrial Com-
mission because he died of "miners consumption".

Besides helping to raise her brothers' and
sisters' children and her own seven, Vena raised
a grandson, Terry, as long as she was able, since
his mother, Alta, had to work for a living away
from home, Left a widow, Vena continued to
spend much of her time in Santaquin but visited
around and stayed with her married children
occasionally, especially Tresia. She had enjoyed
comparatively good health throughout her life,
although at one time in her earlier years a doctor
said she had a breast cancer, Her family fasted
and prayed for her and the suspicious looking lump
disappeared, In middle age Vena became very
heavy. It was probably this extreme overweight
that caused the troubles and discouragement and
the painful arthritis in her head, neck and shoulders
that she suffered about the last year of her life.

_ When it came to the point that she needed a
lot of special care, it was impossible for her
