Imelda Peterson 834

guests of Senator Thomas. This was another high-
light in her life."

Sometime after returning from her mission
Imelda went to California with a girl friend to find
employment. She also took some nurses training
while there. It was in California that she met her
future husband at a "jitney dance" in Los Angeles.
She was married 11 Jan. 1941 in Las Vegas, Nevada,
to Albert Elvin Kissinger (b. 7 May 1887 in Castle-
ton, Illinois to Frank and Katherine Ball Kis singer).
He, however, often went by the name of Robert. He
was tall and handsome and a photographer by trade.
He was nearly thirteen years Imelda's senior and
she was his fourth wife. They made their home in

Los Angeles. They had two children, a daughter
Karma and a son Chad.

On Oct. 31, 1958 Imelda wrote of her family: -
“Our daughter Karma is going on seventeen - a
senior in high school. She is interested in many
different lines of endeavor - art, music, hair
styling, fashions. She seems to think she would

like to be in the fashion field. She will have more
time after school is out this summer to follow
along this line.

"Our son Chad is n
Scout for a year now,

time. It has given his

ine and has been a Cub
He is having a good active

mother a full schedule too,
for Iam now a 'Den Mother' on top of all my other

responsibilities. Chad enjoys school very much,

is a great reader, has a good thinking head and

uses it and is advanced for his years, He is

always looking for Something more active in school
and has been given Special assignments by his
teachers, as he gets things done. At present he is
a 'safety' for play ground activities. He is observant
and in love with life, I'm very grateful for these
two children and hope to do a good job by them,

"Their father is not

in his father's family, is
nor at all interested in it,
of thirteen children who mostly had large families,
so there are many by the name of Kissinger in the
country. My husband himself has had nine children,
three by his first marriage, two by the second, two

not seeking any religion
His own father was one
