Edgar Dee 746

Hyrum E, Lund. The family moved back to Lyman,
Wyoming that spring and lived for another year,
Edgar again attended school in Lyman,

"The spring of 1920 his family moved to
Goshen, Utah, on the Robert Boswell farm,
Edgar helped his father on the farm, He loved
to ride horses and became very proficient in that,
soon taking part in rodeos, He was also interested
in electrical work, He got a job with the Phoenix
utility line, working from Santaquin to Eureka
under Superintendent Whipple, and enjoying the
work continued in that occupation,

"In 1928 he worked in Chicago,. Illinois and
then in northern Texas for Texas Power and Light
Company. . Then he worked in Merida, Yucatan and
then in Mexico for awhile, returning to Utah in
September 1930, He started work for the Tintic
Standard Mining Co. at Dividend, Utah, and worked
there during 1934/35. In 1936 he went east and
worked in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. During
World War II he worked in the shipyards. From
there he went to Louisiana and Mississippi, work-
ing for Stone and Webster Electrical Co. He then
went to work for an electrical company in Alabama,
Mississippi and Tennessee, from where he was
called to Little Rock, Arkansas to supervise some
electrical construction lines going out of that area,

"] May 1953 Edgar returned to Utah and went
to Moab and worked in the uranium business until
Jan. 1954 when he went to Salt Lake City to have
surgery for the removal of a cataract from his
right eye, by Drs. Palmer and Quinn, (During his
recovery his father passed away, 6 Mar. 1954)
After two months rest he returned to work at
Moab‘but had to quit again for surgery on his left
eye. A cataract was removed from that eye 11 Jan,
1956 by the same doctors who took care of the right
eye. Both eye operations were successful, While
recovering from the second he had some improve-
ments made at the family home in Payson, where
he lived with his mother whenever he was in the
area - anew gas furnace and water heater and an
Admiral color TV installed. When fully recovered,
Edgar returned to: Moab where he was interested in
some uranium claims, returning to Payson from
