Luther Bartholomew 848

and reading. I remember being very angry ina
spelling test when I spelled 'donut' and the teacher
said it was wrong. I took her over to the window
and pointed out to her a sign spelling it this way
over a doughnut shop. During the latter part of my
seventh year at school my teacher and I seemed to
have a difference of opinion as to classroom con-
duct. Well, to straighten out the difficult
to stay each night after school and copy ten pages
of an encyclopedia. I had no desire to become
afflicted with writer's cramp or to have increased
knowledge, so I made plans to escape the ordeal.
After the rest of the class had been excused for
the afternoon and the teacher had Stepped from the
room, I crawled through the window and down the
fire escape and went home. That night I began
thinking. Iwas afraid to g° back to school next
morning and I knew if I didn't go back my parents
would hear what I had done, [If they did, I would
have worse than writer's cramp. Finally, I
decided to leave home, I hitchhiked to Idaho Falls.
It took me two or three days to get there, I-found
a job there working on a farm and worked until
Summer (fishing time) and then I hitchhiked to
Yellowstone and Jackson Role, I slept out and
enjoyed the out of doors for a month. While on
this spree, I met a sheepherder in Island Park,
west of Yellowstone. He told me the people he
worked for needed a camp tender, I applied at
Hamilton Brothers and they hired me, I had plenty

of opportunity to experiment with camp cooking.
I varied the mutton diet with trout, grouse, and
deer that I furnished,

y I was

"I worked for them until the sheep were taken
off summer range and then set off to Parker, Idaho,
and worked in the potato harvest that fall. Then
for awhile I trapped mink, muskrats, coyotes, and
did odd jobs for a farmer, who turned out to be a
Mormon Bishop and an old Student of my father.
Through our conversation he found out who I was
and reported my whereabouts to my parents, At
Christmas time he and his brother took me home.

"Father made arrangements with the LDS
School to not hold me back to 7th grade but to let
me go onto Jr. High School. I took all the usual
