Westward 184

into which were also placed scissors and other
things thought needful for use in the delivery of
her expected child, All was: fastened to a large
plank, with heavy weights at one end, and then
pushed overboard into the troubled sea.'' So. the
faithful, loving mother, the gentle Karen, or
"Carrie''as she had been affectionately called by
her now bereaved husband, never reached the
"Land of Zion" with her beloved family; but who
can ddubt but that she went to a far better place -
Heaven, the dearest land of all. Her grieving
family must have been comforted somewhat by

the many marks of affe ction, sympathy and respect
shown them by their friends and fellow voyagers..
Not the least of those to mourn was the daughter-
in-law, Else K. The gentle Karen had become so
dear to her that to be thus parted from her was.
like losing a second mother,

There were. continuous he
ness for five weeks in all,
both long and dreary,
tered and little progre

adwinds and foggi-
which made the. voyage
Many storms were encoun-

ss made during that period:
On June 26th they encountered a terrific thunder
and rain storm, on which OccaSion all the sails of
the ship were taken down in double quick time and
the good old Ship reeled like a drunken man, caus-
ing much alarm among the pas sengers, It was not
until the 5th of July that the fog lifted and then it

was found that instead of be ing near the American

Shore, as had been expected, they were still far,
out in the Atlantic Oc )

ean. A number of other deaths
took place on the voyage, half of them during that
time of wind and fog, We quote again from Andrew
Jenson; ~-- "The sad part of dur voyage centered

arourid a number of deaths which occurred., The

following is a list of those of our company who.
found a watery grave: On May 24th a child; on
May 29th Hulda Ro Sengren, 93 years old and
Wilhelmina Berthelsen, 37 years old; on June 2nd
a child from the Aarhus Conference; on June 15th.
Oliver B, Rosengren, an infant; on June 19th Ole
Christensen's child from Vendsyssel, Conference;
on June 23rd the wife of Chr. Christensen of the
Aalborg Conference; on June 25th a young man

from the Vendsyssel Conference; on June 27th

another child; on July 3rd Christian Beck's child
