Andrew 500

and wanted everyone else up, The nearest I ever
came to a 'licking' resulted in my going back to
sleep after I had been called to get up. The covers
came off and father had me by the ear and into my
clothes so fast the incident remains in my memory
as ablur. He seemed to have the notion that cows
gave sour milk after five in the morning, He
seemed always ina hurry. He could hardly wait
for the frost to go out of the ground to put ina
garden, then wanted peas and potatoes before the
potatoes had grown much larger than the peas,

"For reasons I don't recall, I didn't start
school until Iwas seven and father seemed deter-
mined I should make up for that lost time. There
were endless sessions sitting beside Dad, a first
grade reader in my lap and tears streaming down
my face, with half a mind on the reading and the
other half exploring the haunted castles across
the alley back of the house. Times tables were
another grim chore,

"IT remember father as not a large man, but
one who looked big at the head of the table and who
seemed to stand out ina crowd. I remember him
as a strict disciplinarian, yet I cannot recall many
stern reprimands or punishments. I was kept
somewhat in line by mother's words, 'Your father
will hear of this when he gets home'. The longer
he was gone the longer the list of 'hear abouts' be-
came and the more I dreaded his return, The
"hear abouts' were resolved listening to lectures
on hard work, dependability, truth and honesty,
and other virtues that seemed appropriate.

"Tt is with reluctance and mixed feelings that
I put into words the pictures of father that were
etched into my memory and had an influence on
my life. It was during the last few years of his
teaching career that my recollections of him began.
He became restless and appeared to be in a hurry
to get places. He seemed dissatisfied with things
as they were and began to spend more time travel-
ing in search of undeveloped, artistic and inventive
talent, land, water, minerals and products,"

Wendell writes: ''The time when we were
living in the big house on South Main Street in Salt
