Vikings 14

taking spoils and prisoners. These Vikings seemed
to be completely fearless and without pity, sacri-
ficing their prisoners to their Nordic gods or
selling them as slaves. War was their chief occu-
pation and slaves their chief trade during those
convulsive decades.

One of the most renowned Vikings of all
times was Ragnar Lodbrok, or ''Hairy Breeches",
born in Norway but a member of the ruling family
of Denmark. This hero sailed up the Seine in 845,
with 120 ships, ravaging Paris and the country on
both sides of the river. The French King Charles,
who challenged him, was forced to take refuge in
a convent, Charles finally bought him off with
7,000 lbs, of silver ("'Danegeld") and Ragnar sailed
home. Next this Viking turned against England's
Northumbria, where he was finally captured by the
King there and cast into a snake pit to die amid a
coiling mass of loathsome adders, Ragnar had
four sons, and as he drew his last breath he
muttered this potent threat: "The little pigs would
grunt now if they knew how it fares with the old
boar''. The old Norse legend tells how his sons
received the news: "Ironside gripped his spear
shaft so hard that the print of his fingers remained
stamped upon it. Hvitserk was playing chess but
he clenched his fingers upon his pawn so tightly
that the blood started from under his nails. Siguard
Snake-eye was trimming his nails with a knife and
kept on paring until he cut into the bone; but the
fourth son was the one who counted. Ivar-the-
Boneless demanded to know the precise details of
his father's death and his face became red, blue

and pale by turns and his skin appeared puffed up
by anger".

Ivar was a warrior of command and guile and
he sought bloody revenge. He was the mastermind
behind the Scandinavian invasion of England in 866-
67. His powerful Danish Sea army brought a near
end to the Kingdom of Northumbria and a horrible
death to her king; destroying her dwellings,
churches, and monasteries with fire and sword and
with them masterpieces of Angelican art and the
culture of Bede, Alcium and Caedmon. Nothing
was left but roofless walls. Northumbria never
