201 Tragedy

likewise limited and of poor quality. Sickness
broke out among the passengers, Iwas so sick
my mother worried as to whether I would be
allowed to land, But that part went all right and
we were glad once more to set foot on Mother
Earth and to enjoy the luxury of good cold water,
as the weather was warm,

"When we landed at New York we went
directly to Castle Garden and from there to
Montreal, Canada. When we saw the string of
cars into which we were being herded, our hearts
almost failed us. But what could we do about it?
We were on the road and must follow it through
even though we were treated like cattle, for that
was the kind of cars the train was made up of,

But those awful hard and dirty cars proved to be

a blessing in disguise, for we had not been long

on the train when cholera broke out in a very
serious form among the people. The poor stricken
souls couldn't have sat up, so with room to spread
their bedding down it was better for them, But oh
how they suffered with the jarring and bumping of
the cars, When we had traveled three days my
dear mother passed away, on the fifth of August,
she being one of the first to go. Her body was

left on the station platform at Marcella, Conditions
continued to get worse and when we reached St,
Joseph a few days later, my father and sister
Christine were left dying on the platform. When

I look back and think of that awful scene I wonder
how we could do it, and I can only think that we
saw so much suffering and death that our sense

of feeling and sympathy must have been paralyzed.
We thought that we were ali doomed and nothing
mattered - the sooner the better. :

"We met ox teams at Wyoming, Nebraska
and started for Salt Lake City on August 13th. The
company we traveled with was made up of teams .
and men from Sanpete County. Our Captain's name
was Abner Lowry and he was from Manti. But the
angel of death had not finished his work; many of
our companions were left in shallow graves by
the roadside, One noon, as we were camping, all
the men that were able were busy digging one large
grave in which seven bodies were buried. We had
