483 Christian

buy a piece of calico and make quilt blocks, and by
the time she was thirteen years old she had pieced
the tops for three quilts. She was eager to learn
and besides sewing she loved music and painting.
When she grew older she did a number of beautiful
paintings. She was very talented with her hands.
She was a beautiful seamstress and an excellent
cook. She learned to card wool, make rugs, quilt,
make butter and cheese and soap and cure meat,
and all the other early household arts that prepared
her to manage a successful home.

"Caroline and her brothers and sisters and
friends, including the Christensen children next
door, loved to swim in the Sanpitch River back of
their barn in what they called 'The Big Hole’. It
was here that her little sister, Josephine, age
four, was drowned. They found her little body a
mile down stream. The Larsen and Christensen
children, as neighbors, played together at many
things and Caroline Larsen and Christian Chris-
tensen became childhood sweethearts while in
Christenburg.

"When Caroline was about fifteen years old
her father built a lovely home in Gunnison, where
they went to live in winters though they continued
to spend most of their summers on the farm in
North Christenburg. The first winter in their new
home her little brother Peter and sister Hanner
died of diphtheria during an epidemic.

"Caroline grew to be a beautiful young lady.
She was dainty and small of stature with lovely
blond hair and blue eyes, She was also soft
spoken, modest and gentle in nature - and she
was kind, She and Christian continued their
courtship which resulted in their marriage, 28
Dec. 1893, when he was twenty-six and she was
nearing twenty-three. The bride wore a pretty
robin-egg blue satin dress and orange blossoms
in her beautiful long blond hair. She made a
lovely wife and mother. The couple had eight
children, four girls and four boys: Pearl Eva,
Inger Elora, Giles Elmer, Christian LeRoy,
Orilla, Myrtle Ivy, Farrald DeLong, and Gorden
Larsen Christensen.
