787 Sheldon Bartholomew

with the Securities Exchange Commission, National
Association of Securities Dealers, He eventually
turned over this business to his son Neal and a
partner, who are operating it very successfully.

For the past four years Sheldon worked independently
in securities, Again last November he qualified as

a broker dealer in the securities business,

His work has taken him into California,
Idaho, Nevada and Utah where he has worked on
some very large accounts, He works directly with
businessmen at ''face value'' basis rather than on
a referral basis. This actually requires a great
deal of courage and skill on his part but he has
been rewarded with much success. He usually
goes in "cold turkey" as the expression goes, but
comes out with warm friendships and contracts.
He often takes "long shots in the dark'!, such as
the time he sent a strange businessman a check
for $100. 00 along with a message that if the
receiver would give him enough of his time to
allow him to explain how he could save him thou-
sands of dollars in his business, and was not con-
vinced, he could keep the check. Sheldon received
an appointment, a good sized contract, and his
check back. This kind of selling not only takes
courage but also imagination and creative ability
as well as a convincing way with words,

Some years ago Sheldon took some time off
to study creative writing as an added tool in his
business. He applied his skill in writing ''Life
Line'"', a sales presentation of which 50, 000 printed
copies were solid; and in a series of eight articles
titled '"You and Your Estate'! which were published
in the Deseret News 1948/49... But his creative
writing has not been confined to business matters
only, by any means, He has published a novelette,
"The Bequest" and a short story in Look Magazine's
"My Favorite War Story" series, He tells of this:--
"While attending the Maren Elwood school of writing
in downtown Hollywood during World War Il, a
poem was received from a sea captain who lost
his ship, depicting unusual bravery of a crew
member. The poem was offered for sale to class
members, Being an opportunist I bought it for -
$3.00, rewrote it in story form and submitted the
