Cullen Yates 922

from her husband, One day she ran across Cullen's
sister Norma on the street and, stopping to inquire
about Cullen, learned that he was on his way home,
She said casually, 'Tell him to look me up when he
comes - I'd love to see him.'' And look her up he
did and their friendship of high school days was
soon renewed,

Cullen and Daryl Aldene Stewart (Sparks)
were married 23 Oct, 1946 at her parents' home
in Provo. Cullen's father performed the cere-
mony in the presence of members of the two
families, Cullen comments on this:- ''The only
time I can ever recall Dad being flustered was
when he was performing the marriage ceremony
for Daryl and me. He kept getting his notes
turned upside down, What a precious moment to
remember !'' A wedding dinner was given later in
honor of the bride and groom at a party house in
Orem, with members of both families present.
Daryl was an only child, having been born 16 Oct.
1921 in Salt Lake City, Utah to Allen Glover and
Martha Ellison Stewart. She had two sons by her
first husband: Richard, almost five at the time of
this second marriage, and Robert, two and a half.
Cullen adopted these two boys soon after and they
took the Christensen name.

Immediately after their marriage the couple
left for Washington D. C. where Cullen resumed
his study of law at George Washington University
as well as his poSition in the office of the F. B.I.

It was arranged that after they were duly settled
there, his sister Norma would fly back with the
two little boys. And this Norma did - and she tells
about it:- "A most promising opportunity appeared
on the horizon when Cullen and Daryl accepted my
offer to fly back to Washington D. C. with their
two boys. I planned to work for a while in the
nation's capitol, at least until my sweetheart,
Reed, was out of the army and we could make
more realistic plans for the future. For a final
outing of skiing prior to my leaving, I borrowed
some ill-fitting boots which literally became my
downfall. On an innocent-appearing slope my
inside runner dug in and I found myself cart-
wheeling into a snowy heap, my right leg twisted
