War Whoops 238

some courage cannot be denied, and begging for-
giveness of the whites, or ''eating humble pie" as
the Indians called it, undoubtedly took as much
courage as all the battles he had ever fought put
together, Lightly flint-tipped arrows, heavily
feathered for long range shooting, heavily-tipped,
lightly feathered ones for short’ range, and some-
times poisoned arrows tipped with venom from
the fangs of the rattlesnake, were among Chief
Black Hawk's earthly weapons; but in the land of

the ''Happy Hunting Ground"! -- who knows, .. .?
Kk ok ok Ok

As the year 1869 drew to a close in Manti the
big drums seldom beat out warnings anymore and
the Indian warwhoops had mostly ceased; but the
sensations connected with those beating drums and
blood-curdling yells must have lived with the
settlers the remainder of their lives, For the
majority of the Utah pioneers the 1, 100 mile trek
from the Missouri River had not been too unplea-
sant, with some exceptions such as the Abner
Lowry Company. Solving the problems of settle-
ment and establishing home in an unconquered
wilderness was the really great challenge - the
supreme test of their ability and integrity. To stop
in the middle of settling and fight an Indian war had
been demanding. Three thousand young men had
been on call for military duty and served without
pay. Those who stayed at home had furnished food,
weapons, ammunition, horses, saddles and other
equipment, Muster rolls and other expenditures
had been compiled, for it was expected that the
national government would reimburse the settlers
for the time and money spent, but it did not. The
one-and-a-half million dollar cost of the war was
largely met by individual sacrifice. Even the
smaller settlements were allotted their share of
the expense plus what they suffered in loss of
cattle and horses, Thus for some time many were
in an impoverished condition, The need for sharing
worldly goods was not over until well after the war,

The Christensens and Myrups, intent upon
moving to a less crowded area, had their hearts.
set on Gunnison, approximately fifteen miles
southwest of Manti. Some of their Danish friends
