Joseph 516

later told, and gave him the choice of taking a
licking or writing the verses. Berglund was a big
man and he had a big stick. As he stood there with
the ultimatum to write "or else'! it was too much
for Metcalf; he commenced to write. When John-
son was confronted with decision after having seen
the surrender of his ally, he also commenced to
write, The teacher was wise in not taking Joseph
on first, for when he was given the alternative he
refused to write. ‘Hold out your hand' the teacher
commanded, Joseph's hand came out without hesi-
tation, There were three vicious whacks! Joseph's
hand remained out but the teacher turned and walked
to his desk, Joseph took his hat and his books and
started for the door, and as he walked past the desk
he threw the school keys down. That was the end of
that school year for both of us.

''We notified our mother that we had quit
school. Notwithstanding her urging us to go back
we stood firm. She didn't belabor or command us
but said, gently and firmly, ‘You will then grub and
burn the greasewood on the north of the forty.' This
we proceeded to do in spite of the development of
blistered hands and sunburned faces and necks."
This must have been double punishment for Joseph
since he usually liked school so much. He loved to
learn and during his leisure moments one seldom
saw him without a book in his hands,

The summer of 1889 or 1890 Joseph and Albert
worked on the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad
which was being brought into Sanpete County. They
secured jobs with one William Harris, a contractor
who had a contract to construct the grade between
Sterling and Gunnison. Mr, Harris finished his job
in Sanpete County early in the summer and moved
from there to the vicinity of Eureka. After his
outfit moved, Joseph and his brother got jobs from
a man by the name of Crandall, who had a contract
finishing the grade south of the Harris job. They
ran scrapers, drove teams and were somewhat
looked down upon at times by the hot-headed Irish-
men who operated the big drillers and shovels. But
no matter; the money they earned was used to
further their educations.

Joseph worked in summers but in winters he
